The  Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission (PHMC) is the governmental agency of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, responsible for the collection, conservation, and interpretation of Pennsylvania's heritage. The commission cares for historical manuscripts, public records, and objects of historical interest; museums; archeology; publications; historic sites and properties; historic preservation; geographic names; and the promotion of public interest in Pennsylvania history.

PHMC was established on June 6, 1945, by state Act No. 446, merging the Pennsylvania Historical Commission (PHC), The State Museum of Pennsylvania, and Pennsylvania State Archives.

The PHMC administers the Historical Marker Program, which, when it began in 1914, installed metal plaques onto large rocks and boulders to commemorate individuals, events, and landmarks throughout the state. The Pennsylvania Historical Commission, the predecessor to the PHMC, launched the program. The markers were redesigned in 1945–46 to make them easier to read from a passing car. Large cast aluminum markers were mounted on poles along a street or road, close to where a landmark was located, a person lived or worked, or an event occurred. By 2020, more than 2,000 markers were in place and were being maintained by the PHMC. The PHMC has posted criteria for inclusion for new markers and accepts marker proposals from the public.

PHMC also publishes Pennsylvania Heritage magazine in conjunction with the Pennsylvania Heritage Foundation.

The commission is organized as an independent administrative board, including nine citizens of the Commonwealth appointed by the Governor, the state's Secretary of Education, two members of the Pennsylvania State Senate appointed by the President Pro Tempore and Minority Leader, and two members of the Pennsylvania State House of Representatives appointed by the Speaker and Minority Leader.

In March 2019, the chair was Nancy Moses, and the executive director was Andrea Lowery. PHMC Commissioners as of March 2019 were: Ophelia M. Chambliss, Andy Dinniman,  William V. Lewis, Robert Matzie, Fredrick C. Powell, Pedro Rivera, Robert M. Savakinus, Joseph B. Scarnati III, David Schuyler,  Kenneth C. Turner, Parke Wentling, and Philip D. Zimmermann.


