Randyland is an art museum in the North Side section of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is widely regarded as one of America's most colorful public art landmarks. Randy Gilson is the founder of this museum, which showcases found object art.

Randyland has played an important role in the cultural rejuvenation of Pittsburgh, with its neighbors City of Asylum and Mattress Factory. Randyland has received international attention through viral listicles, and  is among the most photographed places on Instagram.

Randy Gilson was born in Homestead, Pennsylvania. Early in life he suffered from homelessness and poverty. He moved to Pittsburgh's Northside in 1982, where he was a community activist, planting over 800 street gardens and 50 vegetable gardens.  His guerrilla gardening planted vacant lots in Manchester, the Mexican War Streets, and surrounding neighborhoods.

He bought the property that would become Randyland on a credit card for $10,000 in 1995. Using upcycling, Gilson decorates his home with items such as mannequins, plastic dinosaurs and pink flamingos. The fences display murals with neighbors dancing and smiling.

In late 2016, Gilson's partner David Paul Francis "Mac" McDermott was diagnosed with terminal prostate cancer. Upon hearing the news, Randyland fans raised over $20,000 and sent Gilson and McDermott on their first vacation. The couple visited the Grand Canyon and Hollywood. Afterwards, Gilson retired from his restaurant job to spend more time with the ailing McDermott. Following the announcement, Foo Conner joined Randyland as co-director.

The neighborhood around the museum experienced explosive growth in 2016-2019. Randyland itself reportedly doubled in attendance. The courtyard was overhauled to accommodate the traffic. Under Conner's curation, the facility embraced being a selfie museum as a vibrant backdrop for photos.

McDermott died on January 10, 2019. As Gilson's partner, he was posthumously given the title of co-founder. Journalists noted that McDermott may have downplayed his role when alive but was a backbone of the museum. Later that year, Randyland received the Mayor's Award for Public Art for 2019. Conner left the museum early 2020.

Because it is outdoors, Randyland was one of the only art museums open in Pennsylvania during the COVID-19 pandemic. Gilson came out of retirement. The Courtyard was changed to a socially distanced playground throughout quarantine. Many of the original murals have been painted over.

As of 2022, Randyland is still a free and popular tourist attraction.


