The Allegheny County Sheriff's Office is a law enforcement agency that serves Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, and is the largest sheriff's office in the state. The ACSO serves as a local arm of the Pennsylvania Unified Judicial System in a number of roles, including: court security, writ services, sales, prisoner transportation, issuing of firearm licenses and execution of warrants. A primary responsibility of the office is fugitive apprehension. The Sheriff's Office also assists local law enforcement agencies with emergency and incident response on an as-needed basis, most notably through the use of trained police dogs.

The executive of the Allegheny County Sheriff's Office is the Sheriff, currently Kevin M. Kraus, and is an elected position. The office consists of a number of divisions:

The Sheriff's Office also has a number of deputies assigned unique positions such as Evidence Management and Crime Prevention. It maintains a Canine Unit consisting of two dual-purpose bomb dogs, one dual-purpose drug dog and one single purpose tracking dog. This unit operates with no budget allocation and is funded by public donations.

The Sheriff's Reserve consists of two elements, the Uniform Division and the General Reserve. The Uniform Division is primarily responsible for crowd control services at carnivals, festivals, parades and other special events, as well as security and traffic control as directed. Deputies are sworn, carry firearms and complete an educational program. The Uniform Division also includes a Motorcycle Unit. Each motorcycle is owned and maintained by the deputy at personal cost. The General Reserve Division consists of volunteers interested in community service. These members are not sworn and do not have powers of arrest, but support the Sheriff in community engagement.

The first sheriff to be elected in Allegheny County was James Morrison, who took office in January 1789, soon after the United States gained independence from Great Britain in the Revolutionary War.

In July 2018, clerk Erika Romanowski was charged with federal obstruction of justice and making false statements to federal investigators. She was alleged to have disclosed sensitive law enforcement information to two "personal associates" who were targets of a federal investigation into a large-scale, drug trafficking organization. Romanowski also allegedly lied to Federal Bureau of Investigation agents when questioned, and harmed their ongoing investigation. Her prosecution is considered part of the U.S. Attorney’s public corruption initiative.

In May 2018, Deputy Donald Modrick was charged with theft, unsworn falsification and obstructing the administration of law after stealing $10,000 from a defendant. Modrick allegedly collected money without following any procedure and had checks written out in his name, which he then cashed for personal use. He was terminated by the Sheriff's Office.

Since the establishment of the office, seven members have died in the line of duty.


