PedalPGH, a fundraiser for BikePGH
Registration opening soon! PedalPGH returns Sunday August 24, 2025 at Allegheny Commons Park

Register now
PedalPGH is a fundraiser for
BikePGH welcomes cyclists of all ages and fitness levels to participate in PedalPGH, Pennsylvania’s largest bike ride.
Registration opens March 2025… stay tuned and register early to get the best deal of the year! All registration proceeds benefit BikePGH, a registered 501(c)(3) charitable non-profit that is transforming our streets to make biking and walking commonplace for all Pittsburghers. We work to make city streets safe for people biking, rolling and walking, in order to improve our quality of life and reduce the harmful effects of car dependence in our communities.

More information
2025 sponsors
PedalPGH is made possible by:
Bike PGH
with generous support from
Visit Pittsburgh
Outside+
Steel City Media
Wahila Creative
with additional help from
PWSA
Allegheny County
Zero Fossil
Ink Division
PublicSource
REI
Included with every package
PedalPGH T-Shirt
Route Signage Marking Every Turn
Digital Ride Guide with Turn by Turn Routes & Navigation
Snacks & Drinks Along the Way
Lunch & More at the Finish Line Festival!
First Aid & Mechanic Support at every Rest Stop
Hosted by BikePGH, PedalPGH is Pennsylvania's Largest Bike Ride! It’s a casual, fun ride that exposes people of all ages and fitness levels to the neighborhoods, parks, bridges, and geography that make Pittsburgh so unique. As a fundraiser PedalPGH enables BikePGH to continue to transform our streets and communities into vibrant, healthy places by making them safe and accessible for everyone to bike and walk.

---

Buggy Alumni Association
News
About Buggy
About the BAA
History
Gallery
Membership

Raceday 2025 is in 21 days!

Our Raceday schedule is the place to go for everything you need to know about all the events.

Key Events:

Buggy Showcase: Thursday Apr 3, Noon-2pm
Preliminary Races: Friday Apr 4, 8am-1pm
Finals Races: Saturday Apr 5, 8am-Noon
Our members help make Raceday happen. If you'll be in town, please sign up to help.

 
Recent News
Spring Course News: (No) Rolls Report March 8 & 9
2 days ago
We couldn't leave our buggy fans without some news from the teams any longer, so I'm here with a few quick notes on what has been going on this spring. Let us know in the comments if you have more to add!

Raceday 2024 Rewatch - Coming on March 22
5 days ago
To get everyone pumped up for Raceday in just 27 days, we're gonna get the ball started virtually. So we're organizing a Raceday Rewatch, going all the way back to...2024! Join us on March 22 from 12pm-3pm ET on our YouTube Channel as we re-watch all of the races from 2024! We'll bring you up to speed on where all of the teams finished last year, so you know what to expect this April 4-5.

About the Buggy Alumni Association
We were founded in 2008 to unite and connect alumni across teams and eras, and to support the coolest sport we know. Join us! We're open to everyone: current students, Pittsburgh locals, enthusiasts of any kind.

About Buggy
Buggy (also called "Sweepstakes") is a unique race that has been held on and behind the Carnegie Mellon University campus during the spring carnival since 1920. It is part uphill relay race (in which the baton is a vehicle and driver pushed by runners), and part downhill gravity racing with exciting sharp turns and speeds up to 40mph.

Chute The Sh!t: The Buggy Podcast

Next Raceday
Raceday 2025 is April 4–5
Records
Mens
2:02.16
Womens
2:23.27
All Gender
2:36.27
Get Involved
Seniors! Get your first year of membership free!
Hang out with us on the BAA Discord.
Recent Activity
Bylaws Ratified!
on Mar 06
Merch & Podcast & Volunteers, Oh My!
on Mar 04
Gallery Raceday Events Apr 11 13 has 1 recent photos
on Mar 02
Gallery 1989 has 1 recent photos
on Feb 21
Gallery 2000 has 4 recent photos
on Feb 12
Gallery 2024 2025 Miscellaneous has 8 recent photos
on Feb 07
Gallery 1968 has 1 recent photos
on Jan 24
Gallery 1960smisc has 14 recent photos
on Jan 24
Gallery Misc has 10 recent photos
on Jan 24
Last Chance to Apply
on Jan 22
RTK GPS Bill of Materials
on Jan 16
Spring 2025 Buggy Enhancement Grants Open!
on Dec 23
      
Volunteer / Get Involved
BAA News in your Inbox
Buggy-Watchers Notification List
CMU Buggy Alumni Association ©2008–2025
admin@cmubuggy.org

---

↓ Skip to Main Content
Search here..

Archive Contact Subscribe Advertise About
Pittsburgh Quarterly
Pittsburgh Today
Regional News
Spotlight
The Pulse
Indicators
Regional Annual Report
Special Reports
Sustainability Watch
Pittsburgh Tomorrow Podcast
Contest Ideas
About Pittsburgh Today
Money
Business
Money
Innovation
Retirement
Creative Capital
Nonprofits
Leadership
Region
Nonprofits
Education
Environment
Events
People
Profiles
Obituaries
Arrivals
American Spirit
Home/Lifestyle
Homes
Travel
Food & Wine
Restaurant Reviews
Shopping
Culture
Arts
Books
Opinion
Architecture & Neighborhoods
PQ Poem
History
Calendar
Health
Health
Science
Sports/Outdoors
Sports
Birds
Nature
Pittsburgh’s 2023 Economic Forecast
Worker shortage spells subpar performance if recession strikes
by Kurt Rankin and Stuart Hoffman
2023 Spring

Illustration: Daniel Marsula, charts: James Hilston
March 15, 2023
With the U.S. facing a strong possibility of recession in 2023, the Pittsburgh metropolitan statistical area is at risk of losing more than its fair share of economic activity in such a downturn. Pittsburgh’s labor market has not yet recovered to its pre-pandemic levels, in terms of employee headcount, in eight of 11 major industrial sectors. A key driver of this lag is a lack of available workers, which speaks to Pittsburgh’s longtime, ongoing demographic trends. Pittsburgh is notoriously home to an older workforce. Through two periods of economic recovery, after the 2008 and 2020 recessions, the local economy has been unable to alter that condition by attracting younger workers. The impact of another recession while Pittsburgh is still floundering, post-pandemic, will leave its economy vulnerable to permanent loss of resources and potential future growth.

An entire generation of workers finally had achieved momentum in their careers when the pandemic forced the U.S. and global economies to shutter in 2020. Younger workers were hindered in their career aspirations by a rising labor force participation rate among older workers. As the latter remained in their roles — either by choice or necessity after the 2008 financial crisis — a logjam of sorts ensued in the U.S. labor market. As older workers delayed retirement, mid-career employees saw diminished potential to earn promotion into those more senior positions. In turn, less-experienced workers had their upward career mobility thwarted and the creation of even more entry-level positions across professional industries became difficult to justify.

This environment is of particular concern to Pittsburgh’s economy given its older workforce. A lack of career opportunities is a surefire way to drive younger workers out of a local economy in search of greener pastures. Pittsburgh’s labor force ended 2022 at 2.5 percent below its pre-pandemic level, implying that workers have exited the Pittsburgh region for jobs in other parts of the U.S. Indeed, Pittsburgh’s employment recovery is in the bottom fifth among the nation’s approximately 400 metropolitan statistical areas. A recession in 2023 would exacerbate Pittsburgh’s labor force issues as other local economies, better able to absorb a slowdown thanks to stronger post-pandemic recoveries, likely will attract even more workers away from Pittsburgh’s workforce during the next recovery.

Pittsburgh’s low cost of living is touted as an attractive economic quality. During long-term periods of economic stability, this statement is indisputable. But the past few years, and expectations for 2023 and even 2024, call for anything but stability. A low cost of living signals to employers that lower wages, relative to higher-cost regions, are warranted. Inflation in the U.S. over the past two years has deteriorated purchasing power, regardless of where a worker calls home. Couple this fact with rising interest rates that will raise the financial burden, especially on younger workers who are just starting out in their careers, and those workers’ drive to find a bigger paycheck will be amplified. Pittsburgh’s low cost of living can only be exploited as an advantage if job creation is strong and spans a broad spectrum of industries. The lagging local job market and potential further damage from a recession will delay Pittsburgh’s ability to capitalize on low living costs for several more years to come.

Pittsburgh’s housing market presents further potential stumbling blocks on the path to a rejuvenated local economy when looking across the near-term horizon. After escaping the housing bubble of the mid-2000s virtually unscathed, Pittsburgh home values have increased by more than 25 percent since the onset of the pandemic. This rise compares to a 40 percent gain nationally, but is rivaled in Pittsburgh only by the sharp home price gains during the hyperinflationary period of the late 1970s.

Current home value appreciation is good news for existing homeowners as support for their personal wealth. But for potential homebuyers — which of course includes younger workers, perhaps shopping for their first home purchase — this increase is a blow to their plans. Interest rates, too, have risen sharply over the past year, including mortgage rates. Higher borrowing costs compound the rapid rise in Pittsburgh’s home prices and undercuts affordability.

Average wages in Pittsburgh are now 1.5 percent and 8.0 percent below the Pennsylvania and U.S. averages, respectively, after matching or outperforming the state and national averages as recently as 2019. Pittsburgh homebuyers, faced with hampered housing affordability prospects locally, may again look to other regions’ local economies where wage growth and employment gains have been stronger in order to achieve their homeownership goals.

Despite the dim outlook for the Pittsburgh economy over the coming year, some industries in the metropolitan statistical area are at least on the right track, for now. Job gains in both Transportation & Utilities and Manufacturing trended well through the second half of 2022, up 5.2 percent and 5.0 percent, respectively, versus one year ago. These industries represent relatively high-paying jobs, and will offer support for consumer spending in the near term. Supply chain issues that have plagued the U.S. and global economies throughout the post-pandemic restart have not been fully resolved. As such, Pittsburgh’s Transportation & Utilities and Manufacturing recent job creation may see some measure of insulation from the impending economic downturn this year. Businesses in these industries may be reluctant to lay off workers as quickly, as has been the case in past periods of economic decline, for fear of being caught short of resources once recovery inevitably takes hold.

Consumer spending among Pittsburgh households appears to have held up well, despite gathering economic storm clouds. Leisure & Hospitality employment gained 9.8 percent in the metropolitan statistical area throughout 2022. Although still 4.3 percent below pre-pandemic levels, Leisure & Hospitality is the one sector where Pittsburgh has performed better than the national average in recovery, with the nation sitting at 6.6 percent below its February 2020 jobs count. Leisure & Hospitality jobs are only created when households are spending money in the local economy.

Unfortunately, national statistics suggest that some of Pittsburgh’s ongoing consumer spending is being fueled by credit card debt accumulation. Inflation has eroded households’ ability to keep up with their spending habits, and credit card debt is growing at the fastest pace since the mid-1990s. Pittsburgh households that do not still have the luxury of burning through the savings accumulated thanks to pandemic-era stimulus payments will find it difficult to maintain their consumption patterns beyond mid-year. And once consumers pull up stakes, the Leisure & Hospitality gains in Pittsburgh, and nationally, will face pressure from businesses looking to survive the downturn by cutting back on their costs, including staffing.

In summary, Pittsburgh’s economy will likely endure an amplified version of the economic weakness that the U.S. is set to experience in 2023. Structural labor market issues are a long-running story in Pittsburgh and will be even more of a concern as other regional economies have regained their economic footing much more quickly, post-pandemic, than has Pittsburgh.

The Federal Reserve’s aggressive monetary policy tightening track over the past year is not likely to be reversed, even if the broader economy begins to show signs of weakness; extinguishing inflation is their top priority and they will not relent until all signs of above-trend inflation have vanished. Although this is a problem for businesses across the U.S., Pittsburgh is in dire need of a business-led spark to rejuvenate its labor market. For Pittsburgh to turn the corner for the better on the other side of economic weakness in 2023, the metropolitan statistical area must find ways to attract a younger workforce that can take advantage of the current low cost of living, but who also feel able to grow their careers locally over the long term.

Kurt Rankin is vice president and senior economist and Stuart Hoffman is senior vice president and senior economic adviser with the PNC Financial Services Group.

Categories: Pittsburgh Today Regional News Tags:

Kurt Rankin and Stuart Hoffman

---

Skip to content

Newsletter

Discover Your Persona
58°F


< Back
April 11, 2025 6:00 PM –11:00 PM
Grown Folks Book Fair
📚✨ Step Back in Time & Book It to the Brewery! ✨📚

Get ready for a one-of-a-kind GROWN FOLKS BOOK FAIR, a nostalgic twist on the book fairs we adored as kids—reimagined for adults! This immersive event brings together literature, entertainment, and creativity in a vibrant atmosphere perfect for book lovers and fun seekers alike.

Save Map
Mapped location of Grown Folks Book Fair
Grown Folks Book Fair
Trace Brewing
4312 Main St
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15224
Phone
(412) 335-4942
Buy Tickets
Admission
$18

---

Skip to content
Alpha Chi Omega – Kappa Nu
Home
 
AXO 
 
Kappa Nu 
 
Events 
 
Philanthropy 
 
Recruitment
 
Alumnae
Carnival
Every spring, Alpha Chi participates in one of Carnegie Mellon’s most well-known Spring Carnival traditions, booth! Our sisters build, craft and design a multi-story structure using power tools, paint, and passion. This is a great opportunity for every Alpha Chi to get trained in practical tool skills and translate their creativity into craft.

Our theme for our 2024 booth is Kirby, and we won third prize in Sorority booth!

Each booth is designed to be an educational and fun experience for the families and students who visit Carnegie Mellon during Carnival. In the past, our sisters have built booths with the following themes:

2023: Peter Pan

2022: Aurora Borealis

2019: The California Beach

2018: Dracula

2017: The Hanging Gardens of Babylon

2016: Clue

Some of our sisters’ favorite Alpha Chi memories are created through building our booth, whether it be painting murals together at our house, celebrating getting our floors leveled, or eating far too much pizza well past midnight on midway. Designing and building a booth is a feat that not only demonstrates our strength as real, strong women, but also the deep bonds of sisterhood that last well beyond Carnival.

In 2019, our booth California Beach won the Chairman’s Choice Award!

---

VegEvents home
Events 
About Us
Plan an Event
Submit an Event
This event has passed.
Pittsburgh VegFest 2024
Sat, August 10, 2024
11:00 AM - 5:00 PM EDT
301 East Ohio Street
305 E Ohio St, Pittsburgh, PA, 15212, United States (map)
Vegan
Tags: VegFest
Report or Update Event
Event Description
Event hosted by Pittsburgh VegFest. This is a free event.
Mark your calendars for the 10th annual Pittsburgh VegFest on Saturday, August 10th!🌱🎉

☀️Allegheny Commons Park East on the North Side

🥕11am-5pm

🥳Free admission!

🙌🏽SOOO many delicious local and national food vendors, live music, animal welfare organizations, shopping, and family-friendly activities

🐾Leashed furry friends are welcome

🌈Stay tuned for VIP Hour tickets, swag bag info, and merch pre-sales

📌Did you apply to be a vendor? Check all of your email folders for approval with link for full app and payment. Your space is NOT official until these are complete!

🕶Want to apply to be a vendor? We're at over 100 vendors approved so far so get those initial apps in ASAP! Link in bio

🎉Shout out to our 10th annual VegFest Sponsors!

Aladdin's Eatery
Bruster's Ice Cream (Hopewell location)
East End Food Co-op
Green Mountain Energy
Natalie Gentile M.D.
Orange Avocado Pittsburgh

 
Our Mission
VegEvents connects people with vegan events worldwide and provides resources to event organizers. Learn More


All Events
Conferences
Festivals
Markets

About Us
Link to Us
Plan an Event
Submit an Event

Resources
Find Help Going or Staying Vegan
Find Vegan Meal Delivery Services
Find Vegan Movies
Find Vegan/Vegetarian Restaurants

Share

Privacy Policy   Terms of Use  © 2017-2025  Veg Groups
---
Use Website In a Screen-Reader Mode
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
Skip to Content
↵
ENTER
Skip to Menu
↵
ENTER
Skip to Footer
↵
ENTER

Mon - Sun, 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Closed on select Wednesdays
MuseumLab Hours: Sat & Sun, Noon - 5:00 pm

Skip to content
calendar
donate
gift cards
Children's Museum of Pittsburgh
visit
tickets
directions & parking
admission discounts
accessibility
field trips/groups
Health & Safety
The Café
the museum store
gift cards
explore
Temporary Exhibits
Permanent Exhibits
camps
art & artists
Artist Opportunities
exhibits sales & rentals
learn
parents & children
youth & teens
schools & educators
learning resources
learning & research
membership
general info
join
member login
renew membership
gift memberships
discounts & events
support
donate
individual giving
Matching Gifts
corporate giving
Become a Lifelong Learner
Great Night Gala
plan your event
birthdays
event rentals
spaces
catering
museum rental FAQs
tickets
« All Events

Pittsburgh Youth Climate Action Summit
March 29 @ 10:00 am - 4:00 pm
Free

Join us at MuseumLab for a day filled with inspiring talks, interactive workshops and networking opportunities.

This event is all about empowering young people to make a difference in the fight against climate change. Whether you’re passionate about renewable energy, sustainable living or environmental policy, there’s something for everyone.

Come together with like-minded individuals and learn how you can take action in your own community. Let’s work together to create a greener, more sustainable future! Presented in partnership with Communitopia.

For ages 12 – 19

Register here.

Related Events

MAKESHOP: Plastic Processing
March 14 @ 10:00 am
-
5:00 pm

MAKESHOP: Plastic Processing
March 15 @ 10:00 am
-
5:00 pm
(See all)

MAKESHOP: Plastic Processing
March 16 @ 10:00 am
-
5:00 pm
(See all)
 Little Scientists
MAKESHOP: Plastic Processing 
Links
About
Our Commitment to Justice, Equity, Diversity, Accessibility & Inclusion
museum map
careers & opportunities
press room
contact
en English
Location
10 Children’s Way
Allegheny Square
Pittsburgh, PA 15212
412.322.5058

Hours
Monday – Sunday
10:00 am – 5:00 pm

Closed on select Wednesdays

MuseumLab Hours:
Saturday & Sunday
Noon – 5:00 pm

Check our Calendar of Events
for closures and special hours




Interested in renting or buying an exhibit or Museum design services?
Visit Pittsburghkids Design.

Sign up for our newsletter

email address

© 2025 Children’s Museum of Pittsburgh. All rights reserved.

 
---


SUPPORT FALLINGWATER 

 Visitor Information
FALLINGWATERVisit
Fallingwater Tours
Wright at Polymath Park Tours
Visitor Information
Dining: The Fallingwater Café
Group Tours
Driving Directions
Lodging & Travel Information
Accessibility at Fallingwater
Exhibitions in the Speyer Gallery
Installations at Fallingwater
 Programs
Gnome House Design
School Programs
Artist/Scholar-In-Residence
High School Residency
Virtual Summer Camps
Insight/Onsite
College Residency
Workshops
Convenings
Internships
 Events
Calendar
Webinars
Fallingwater Fireside
Weddings
Meetings
Fayette County Days
Private Customized Experiences
 About
The Kaufmanns & Frank Lloyd Wright
Timeline
Preservation & Collections
Research Resources
Volunteer
The Barn at Fallingwater
Bear Run Nature Reserve
Careers
Virtual Backgrounds
Fallingwater Cam
Sustainability
Contact Us
eNewsletter
 Shop Give
Visitor Information
Fallingwater Tours
Wright at Polymath Park Tours
Visitor Information
Dining: The Fallingwater Café
Group Tours
Driving Directions
Lodging & Travel Information
Accessibility at Fallingwater
Exhibitions in the Speyer Gallery
Installations at Fallingwater
PROGRAMS
EVENTS
ABOUT
SHOP
GIVE
Visitor Information
Attention Visitors

(10/31/2024): Preservation activities this winter will focus on the Guest House and Main House at Fallingwater. Experience preservation in action during your visit and learn how we care for this remarkable landmark. This restoration work, which is expected to be completed by the end of March, will result in some visual impacts to the house’s exterior and the iconic view. By mid-April, tours should not be affected. Learn more

We’re pleased to welcome you to Fallingwater where you’ll discover the beauty of the landscape that was a respite for the Kaufmann family and explore the house’s intimate relationship with nature. With your help, we look forward to providing an enjoyable and safe experience.

Visitor Information Icon
Planning Your Visit

HoursHours
AccessibilityAccessibility
PhotographyPhotography
DirectionsDirections
PoliciesPolicies
Travel & LodgingTravel & Lodging
visitor TipsVisitor Tips
Service AnimalsService Animals
View ToursView Tours

Fallingwater Visitor Guide
Download a copy of our visitor guide in advance of your visit. The guide includes a site map and information about available amenities.

Download the Guide


Hours icon
Hours

Winter Hours: Gate opens 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. daily
Closed Wednesdays
Book reservations online or call 724-329-8501.
Travel icon
Directions

Get a map, turn-by-turn directions and estimated travel times here

visitor tips
Visitor Tips

Please plan your visit a minimum of 4-6 weeks in advance if you’d like to visit during our peak seasons in July, August or October.
In planning your entire visit, please allow approximately two hours on site to enjoy at a relaxed pace and experience our Museum Store, Café, Gallery, and walking paths.
Download our visitor guide in advance to help with wayfinding throughout the site.
Bring along comfortable hiking shoes, and enjoy some of our 20 miles of outstanding trails at nearby Bear Run Nature Reserve.
Allow sufficient time ahead of your scheduled tour for check-in, parking and arrival at the Visitor Center. We recommend up to 20 minutes to complete arrival and check-in. To create the best experience possible for you and the other visitors on your tour, group sizes are limited and tours begin at regularly spaced intervals. The actual start of your tour may vary past the time you booked to accommodate tour spacing. Multiple groups will be started during each time slot and upon arrival you will be placed in the first available tour group for the time slot you booked.
Note that there are no public restrooms inside Fallingwater. Please use the restrooms at our Visitor Center prior to beginning your tour.
Come prepared for the weather. All experiences are conducted outdoors, and mountain temperatures are generally about 10 degrees colder than those in Pittsburgh. Please bring appropriate clothing and umbrellas. Summer tours are more comfortable in the cooler, morning hours.
Only small wallets and handheld cameras are permitted on tour. For the protection of Fallingwater and its collections, cross-body-style handbags smaller than 10x10x3 inches (25x25x8cm) are permitted on tour. Backpacks of any size, camera bags, tripods and other cumbersome items are prohibited inside Fallingwater and must be left in vehicles or placed in lockers at the Visitor Center prior to your tour.
Outside food is not permitted at Fallingwater’s dining facilities. If you would like to bring your own food, outdoor tables are available at the Barn at Fallingwater located on Route 381 approximately ¼ mile north of the main entrance to Fallingwater.
Fallingwater is a carry-in/carry-out facility. We ask that you take your trash with you when you leave.
Plan your visit in late June through early-mid July to enjoy the beautiful native rhododendrons which typically bloom with a white to light pink flower.
Accessibility icon
Accessibility

We understand that some Fallingwater visitors will have accessibility concerns. We are constantly working to make the visit comfortable for everyone. Please view our Accessibility at Fallingwater page for a few tips to help you make your visit more enjoyable.
Expect considerable walking and standing on all guided tours. We recommend visitors wear closed-toe shoes with a rubber non-slip sole that provides both comfort and support. There is a ¼ mile walk from the Visitor Center to the house on uneven gravel surfaces. We offer a shuttle service to and from the house for visitors with mobility challenges.
Touring the house’s multiple levels requires climbing over 100 steps. For visitors unable to climb the stairs to the upper levels of the house, an accessibility tour is recommended for visitors with mobility and stamina limitations. It’s a great option for visitors who are wheelchair users or who have difficulty walking, standing, and/or climbing steps during a one-hour tour. The accessibility tour includes a guided tour of Fallingwater’s first floor, followed by a personalized, guided tour of images of the upper floors and guest house. The accessibility tour includes an optional shuttle ride to and from the Visitor Center.
Fallingwater’s site includes more than a mile of sloping gravel paths, which may be challenging for visitors with mobility limitations. Certain models of wheelchairs and strollers may have difficulty moving on gravel. An all-terrain wheelchair is available at no-charge by advance reservation.
Fallingwater is not air conditioned.
General Policies icon
Policies

All tickets are subject to an additional 6% processing fee which is nonrefundable.
All purchases are subject to our cancellation and exchange policy. Tour tickets are nonrefundable after payment is received and purchase is finalized.  Tour tickets may be exchanged up to 48 hours prior to the date of the tour by rescheduling online or by calling Visitor Services at 724-329-8501.  Tickets are nonrefundable and cannot be exchanged within 48 hours of the date of the tour.
Children younger than six are not permitted on house tours. Families with children younger than six are invited to reserve a Guided Grounds Walking Tour, Family Field Trip or self-guided Grounds Passes. View Tours
No weapons, firearms or hazardous materials are permitted on Fallingwater property.
Fallingwater is a smoke-free environment.
Only small wallets and handheld cameras are permitted on tour. For the protection of Fallingwater and its collections, cross-body-style handbags smaller than 10x10x3 inches (25x25x8cm) are permitted on tour. Backpacks of any size, camera bags, tripods and other cumbersome items are prohibited inside Fallingwater and must be left in vehicles or placed in lockers at the Visitor Center prior to your tour.
Outside food is not permitted at Fallingwater’s dining facilities. If you would like to bring your own food, outdoor tables are available at the Barn at Fallingwater located on Route 381 approximately ¼ mile north of the main entrance to Fallingwater.
Fallingwater is a carry-in/carry-out facility. We ask that you take your trash with you when you leave.
Travel icon
Travel & Lodging

The roads around Fallingwater are rural, two-lane roads. Please review these maps and directions to Fallingwater. You may experience delays due to road work or railroad crossings so please plan your travel time accordingly.
Because Fallingwater is located in a rural area, there is no public transportation available. You will need a car to travel to Fallingwater from your point of arrival or destination. Ride sharing services, such as Uber and Lyft, are currently not available in the area surrounding Fallingwater
A variety of lodging facilities are located within a 40-mile radius of Fallingwater.  You may wish to stay with one of our Lodging Partners in Education.
The Laurel Highlands are brimming with exciting adventures, all within a 25-mile radius of Fallingwater. Since you’re headed to Fallingwater visit Go Laurel Highlands for more information.
Photography icon
Photography and Videography

Fallingwater visitors are welcome to take personal-use photos and video to remember and share their visit. Photos without a flash at the direction of the tour guide for private, noncommercial use are permitted inside the house. Please review our Photography and Videography policy for additional information.
The use of drones is not permitted on the property. This prohibition extends to any drone launched or operated from Fallingwater property, as well as drones launched from private property outside of Fallingwater but flying over Fallingwater boundaries and/or above Fallingwater facilities.
Only handheld cameras are permitted on tour. For the protection of Fallingwater and its collections, handbags larger than 10x10x3 inches (25x25x8cm), backpacks of any size, camera bags, tripods and other cumbersome items are prohibited inside Fallingwater and must be left in vehicles or placed in lockers at the Visitor Center prior to your tour.
Service Animals icon
Service Animals

In accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act, Fallingwater welcomes trained service animals. The ADA defines service animals as those trained to perform specific tasks. Animals that are considered “comfort animals,” “therapy animals,” “companion animals” or “emotional support animals” are not service animals as defined by the ADA because they are not trained to perform a specific task for an individual with a disability, and therefore are not permitted beyond the Fallingwater parking lot areas. Please review our Service Animal guidelines for additional information.
Personal pets are permitted only in the parking lot areas of Fallingwater and must be leashed at all times. Although we suggest you don’t leave pets in your car, please use caution if you choose to do so. Our parking lot has limited shade and we cannot guarantee a shaded parking spot. When walking your pets in the parking lot areas, please be sure to use a leash and be courteous of other visitors by cleaning up after your pet.

Entrusted to the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy

1491 Mill Run Road
Mill Run, PA 15464

Winter Hours: Gate opens 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. daily
Closed Wednesdays

Book reservations online
or call 724-329-8501

Contact Us

Follow Us

Follow Fallingwater on Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
About Us
Careers
Internships
Volunteer
News
Fallingwater Cam
Livestream of Fallingwater’s classic view.

Click to view the live cam


Donate Today
Show your support for Fallingwater

Learn more about donating


Learn more about our inscription

Fallingwater is a program of the Western Pennsylvania Conservancy.
The Conservancy is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization under
Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and 100% of your donation
is tax-deductible as allowed by law.

Charity Navigator Four-Star Rating
©2025, Fallingwater. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Tour Policies
---

Skip to primary navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to primary sidebar
Carnegie Museum of Natural History

One of the Four Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh

Visit
Buy Tickets
 
Groups of 10 or More
 
Visitor Information
 
Events
 
Dining at the Museum
 
Celebrate at the Museum
 
Event Venue Rental
 
Shop
 
Powdermill Nature Reserve
 
Join & Give
 
Exhibitions
 
Learn
Field Trips
 
Educator Information
 
Programs at the Museum
 
Bring the Museum to You
 
Guided Programs FAQ
 
Programs Online
 
Climate and Rural Systems Partnership
 
We Are Nature Podcast
 
Research
Scientific Sections
 
Science Blogs
 
Science Videos
 
Senior Science & Research Staff
 
Museum Library
 
Science Seminars
 
Scientific Publications
 
Specimen and Artifact Identification
 
About
Mission & Commitments
 
Directors Team
 
Museum History
 
Tickets
 
Shop
Search this website
Search this website
« All Events

NatureFest
teens looking at a botany exhibit in a museum
When: Saturday, March 22, 10:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.
Where: Carnegie Museum of Natural History
Tickets: Free with Museum Admission. Advance Registration Strongly Recommended
Join Carnegie Museum of Natural History’s scientists, educators, and community partners for NatureFest! Browse the full schedule below and plan your day. Whether you’re looking for family-friendly fun or a deep dive into land stewardship and invasive species research, there’s programming for nature lovers of all ages.

NatureFest Schedule
Family-Friendly Activities, 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m., drop-in any time
Enjoy hands-on activities throughout the museum to explore environmental topics in our region and connect with more than a dozen local organizations working to protect our rivers, parks, wildlife, and more.

Activities are designed for kids ages 5-12 and their families, they include:

• Learning about invasive species in our area, including freshwater mussels living in our rivers.

• Test your knowledge of invasive plants and check out the latest edition of the Invasive Plants of Pittsburgh guide from Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy.

•  Sorting through leaf litter to look for tiny snails.

•  Seeing plant specimens from the museum’s herbarium and finding out how scientists use them to study climate change.

•  Making and taking home a coloring page based on herbarium specimens.

•  Meeting artist Koichi Watanabe and learning about his decades long explorations of itadori (knotweed) around the world.

•  Finding out how to join the City Nature Challenge and contribute to active scientific research by making observations and uploading photos.

Pop-up Tours of Uprooted: Plants Out of Place, 11:00 a.m.-1:30 p.m., Meet in Hall of Botany
Be among the first to visit the groundbreaking exhibition Uprooted: Plants Out of Place on a 30-minute tour with a museum educator. See both exhibition locations (Hall of Botany and Third Floor Overlook) and ask questions as you go.

Symposium: Stories of Land Stewardship, 1:00-3:30 p.m., Earth Theater
1:00-1:30 p.m., Stewardship Mistakes: Museum researchers Ainsley Seago, Nicole Heller, and Mason Heberling tell short stories of human-driven species introductions and land management with unintended ecological outcomes. Explore popular science examples from around the world, which serve as cautionary tales of human interference and hubris.

1:30-3:30 p.m., Stories of Land Stewardship: Tim Byan (Audubon Society of Western Pennsylvania), AJ Monsma and/or John Creasy (Garfield Community Farm), Jared Belsky (Pittsburgh Parks Conservancy), and Gavin Deming (Allegheny Goatscape) discuss their important work with invasive species management and holistic land stewardship. Learn about the diverse array of invasive species solutions taking place in Pittsburgh and ask your burning questions.

Film Screening of Seeing the Unseen: Aquatic Invaders & What’s at Stake, 3:45-4:30 p.m., Earth Theater
Watch a short film by the Western PA Conservancy and Great Lakes Media & Film about aquatic invasive species threatening the Lake Erie watershed and nearby regions. Learn how conservation-minded people, groups, and organizations (including the Conservancy) are working on efforts to combat and reduce the threat of invasives in these important and vital ecosystems. This film provides actions and measures anyone can take to slow the spread of invasive species entering the watershed.

Adult 
0
Free
Child 
0
Free
Senior 
0
Free
Student 
0
Free
Register
 

 

 

NatureFest is sponsored by:

Westmoreland County tourism logo

About
Mission & Commitments
Directors Team
Museum History
Get Involved
Volunteer
Membership
Carnegie Discoverers
Donate
Employment
Events
Bring a Group
Groups of 10 or More
Birthday Parties at the Museum
Field Trips
Powdermill
Powdermill Nature Reserve
Powdermill Field Trips
Powdermill Staff
Research at Powdermill
More Information
Image Permission Requests
Science Stories
Accessibility
Shopping Cart
Contact
Visitor Policies
    
E-News Sign up
Enter your email

One of the Four Carnegie Museums | © 2025 Carnegie Institute | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Accessibility
Rad works here logo

---
Skip to content
Carnegie Mellon University School of Drama logo
Academics
Admission
Performances
Open Sub Navigation
Academics
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
Summer Pre-College Program
Student Life
Facilities
Research Centers
Admission
Undergraduate Admission
Graduate Admission
Performances
Playground
Content & Sensory Advisories
What’s Happening
News
Calendar
People
Class of 2025 + Alumni
Actors’ Showcase 2025
Creators’ Expo 2025
Alumni Stories
About
Mission, Vision, & Values
History
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
ColLABo
Employment
Contact
Support Us
What’s Happening
  >  
Calendar
Poster for The Inseparables - red background with blue fleur de lis and blue text.
Mar 21
The Inseparables
By TJ Young
Directed by Robert Ramirez
MAR 20–29, 2025

Purchase Tickets
Performances
Thursday 8pm
Mar 20
Friday 8pm
Mar 21
Saturday 2pm
Mar 22
Saturday 8pm
Mar 22
Wednesday 8pm
Mar 26
Thursday 8pm
Mar 27
Friday 8pm
Mar 28
Saturday 2pm
Mar 29
Saturday 8pm
Mar 29
Puppets. Pool Noodles. Putting on a Play!
The North American Unified Theatre Collaborators of the West really want to put on a show. Like, really bad. Under the leadership of their founder and director, this group of actors has decided to stage a new adaptation of “The Three Musketeers.” Only, they aren’t nearly as prepared as they should be. With puppets and pool noodles, this theatre group prepares for their glorious come back…that may not happen. Written by School of Drama professor TJ Young, and directed by Head of School Robert Ramirez, this one is sure to leave you with something to laugh about!

Purchase Tickets
Content & Sensory Advisories
Photo of TJ Young, a Black man with short black hair wearing a coral colored, short-sleeved collared shirt with a floral pattern, unbuttoned over a gray t-shirt.
“The play was created to just be fun, and I’m excited to lean into that!”

-TJ Young, Playwright
  Create without limits.  Create without limits.  Create without limits.
Carnegie Mellon University School of Drama logo
Contact
Support Us
Faculty/Staff Intranet
Employment
Student Portal
Carnegie Mellon University
5000 Forbes Avenue
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
412.268.2000
©2025 CMU School of Drama. All rights reserved.

Design by W|W

---
Reunion_Pricing:
  Notes: "* denotes early bird pricing, valid through Feb. 17"

  Events:
    - Name: "Molley's Trolleys Tour"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "Free* | Free"
        Children_4_12: "$15* | $20"
        Children_6_12: "-"
        Children_0_5: "-"
        Adults_13+: "$25* | $30"

    - Name: "5th and 10th Reunion Reception"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "-"
        Children_4_12: "-"
        Children_6_12: "$5* | $10"
        Children_0_5: "Free* | Free"
        Adults_13+: "$15* | $20"

    - Name: "15th and 20th Reunion Reception"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "-"
        Children_4_12: "-"
        Children_6_12: "$15* | $20"
        Children_0_5: "Free* | Free"
        Adults_13+: "$25* | $35"

    - Name: "Middle Reunion Years Reception"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "-"
        Children_4_12: "-"
        Children_6_12: "$15* | $25"
        Children_0_5: "Free* | Free"
        Adults_13+: "$35* | $40"

    - Name: "25th Reunion Celebration"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "-"
        Children_4_12: "-"
        Children_6_12: "$15* | $20"
        Children_0_5: "Free* | Free"
        Adults_13+: "$35* | $45"

    - Name: "50th Reunion Dinner Celebration"
      Pricing:
        Children_0_3: "-"
        Children_4_12: "-"
        Children_6_12: "-"
        Children_0_5: "-"
        Adults_13+: "$94* | $99"

---
Skip to main content

Pittsburgh Steelers logo
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
VIDEO
PHOTOS
FANS
DUBLIN GAME
EN ESPAÑOL

TICKETS
PRO SHOP
WATCH
Labriola On
Asked and Answered
Press Releases
Game Notes
Xtra Points Game Recap
Opponents On
Press Conference Reaction
Steelers Digest
Steelers En Español
draft_category-logo_horizontal_180x24
Dates are set for 2026 NFL Draft in Pittsburgh
Jan 23, 2025 at 01:39 PM
Author Image
Teresa Varley
Steelers.com

 

The City of Pittsburgh will be hosting the 2026 NFL Draft and the NFL and VisitPittsburgh announced the dates today.

The 2026 NFL Draft, presented by Bud Light, will take place on April 23-25 in Pittsburgh.

"This is a monumental step forward in bringing the 2026 NFL Draft to life right here in the City of Champions," said Jerad Bachar, President & CEO of VisitPITTSBURGH. "With just 15 months to go, we look forward to continuing our strong partnership with the NFL and officials at the state, county, city and Pittsburgh Steelers to work collaboratively across the community to produce one of the best events Pittsburgh has ever hosted and one of the most memorable NFL Drafts the world has ever watched.

"Mark your calendars, because all eyes will be on Pittsburgh soon."

The NFL made the official announcement in May at the NFL Spring League Meeting that Pittsburgh would host the draft, the first time the city has done so.

"The 2026 NFL Draft is an opportunity to celebrate football and Pittsburgh's unique place in the history of the game, while also promoting our region nationally and globally across the rare platform provided by the NFL Draft," said Steelers President Art Rooney, II.

There are still plenty of details to come, with activities expected to take place on Pittsburgh's North Shore, including Acrisure Stadium, and Point State Park. Among the activities that will take place is the NFL Draft Experience, a free fan festival that
includes exhibits, games, musical performances and more.

"As we move closer to the 2026 NFL Draft, we're working closely with VisitPITTSBURGH, the Pittsburgh Steelers and all our partners on the ground to ensure local and visiting fans will enjoy an unforgettable event," said Peter O'Reilly, NFL executive vice president of club business, league events and international. "We're excited to spotlight the city throughout our Draft festivities and show the world the passion and vibrancy of the Pittsburgh community."

Related Content





Club Links
TEAM
Team Home
Roster
Depth Chart
Coaches
Standings
Stats
Injury Report
Transactions
Front Office Staff
Draft Central
NEWS
News Home
Press Releases
Asked and Answered
Labriola On
Steelers En Español
Media Only Site
VIDEO
Video Home
Steelers Live
Interviews
Sights & Sounds
Press Conferences
Around the Locker Room
Scouting Report
Steelers En Español
PHOTOS
Photos Home
Practice
Pregame
Game Action
Karl's Top Pics
Community
SCHEDULE
Schedule Home
Current Season Schedule
Event Calendar
TICKETS
Tickets Home
Account Manager
Buy Tickets
NFL Ticket Exchange
Gameday Experience
Steelers Fan Travel
Season Tickets Wait List
SBL Marketplace
Seat Transfers
View From Your Seat
Clear Bag Policy
FAN ZONE
Fan Zone Home
Steelers Official Mobile App
Contests and Promotions
Event Calendar
Steelers Podcasts
Steelers En Español
ACRISURE STADIUM
Stadium Home
Clear Bag Policy
Book an Event
Directions
Parking
Seating Chart
Security Guidelines
Disability Services
Stadium Tours
HISTORY
History Home
Hall of Honor Museum
Hall of Honor
Hall of Fame
Super Bowls
COMMUNITY
Community Home
Community Programs
Youth
High School Football Showcase
Youth Football Camps

NFL Clubs

More NFL Sites
Download the Official App
Download on the Apple Store
Get it on Google Play
Pittsburgh Steelers
© 2025 Pittsburgh Steelers. All Rights Reserved

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Contact Us
Site Map
Ad Choices
Your Privacy Choices
Cookie Settings
Preference Center