Pittsburgh Food Festivals - Greek - Oktoberfest - Apples - Maple Syrup | Visit Pittsburgh
Skip to content
Newsletter
Discover Your Persona
24 ° F
0
Saved
Navigation
Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insiders Guide Discounts and Passes Beyond Pittsburgh Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Event Services Marketing Toolkit Group Tour Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy
Weddings & Reunions Media Partners
Discover Your Persona
Food Festivals
Food and fun just go together and, in Pittsburgh, food is often the reason for the fun.   There's a Pittsburgh Restaurant Week celebration in the  winter  and  summer , neighborhood soup crawls and cookie tours, apple, maple and whiskey festivals. And, Pittsburgh's annual food festivals feature ethnic or traditional foods as well as the music, dance, crafts and culture that go along with them.
Pittsburgh Restaurant Week   Winter: Jan. 15-21, 2024 Summer: Aug. 12-18, 2024
Pittsburgh Restaurant Week  in January and August each year features more than 50 restaurants offering special dining deals. During the week-long, city-wide event, dine at one of Pittsburgh's finest restaurants and take advantage of three-course, fixed-price meals specials.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Pittsburgh Restaurant Week (@pghrestaurantwk)
Fish Fry Season   Feb. 14-March 28, 2024
Another Pittsburgh food staple is the  Lenten Fish Fry . Beginning on Ash Wednesday and continuing every Friday until Easter, you can find great fish fries held in churches, fire halls and community buildings all over the Pittsburgh area.
South Side Soup Contest   Feb. 24, 2024 | Brashear Association
Soup's on at the  South Side Soup Contest . With Butternut Bourbon Bisque and Chipotle Chicken Chorizo, it's mmmmm good! This annual contest warms the heart - and belly. The annual February event allows shoppers in Pittsburgh's funky South Side neighborhood to sample soups from 20 local restaurants for one low price. More than 1,200 people slurped and shopped in the "Soup Hop," which benefits a local food pantry.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by South Side Soup (@southsidesoup)
One Big Table: An International Feasting   March 4, 2024 | Stage AE
20+ restaurants showcase food from around the world to highlight Pittsburgh's diverse culinary scene and talented chefs with a food fair, entertainment, global marketplace and more.  One Big Table  is an initiative of Literacy Pittsburgh.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Literacy Pittsburgh (@literacypittsburgh)
Big Nosh Jewish Food Festival   April 7-9, 2024 | Congregation Beth Shalom
The Pittsburgh Jewish Chronicle’s first-ever  Big Nosh  will be the biggest celebration of Jewish and Israeli food and culture in our community. Led by the culinary expertise of Master Chef Judah Cowen of Elegant Edge Catering, the menu will feature a variety of traditional, strictly kosher dishes available for dine-in or takeout.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Pittsburgh Jewish Chronicle (@pittjewishchronicle)
Dessert Wars   April 27, 2024 | David L. Lawrence Convention Center
The  largest dessert festival in the country  heads to the convention center as local vendors try to win the foodie vote and be crowned Dessert Champion from offerings including cupcakes, cookies, ice cream, donuts and more.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Dessert Wars (@dessert.wars)
Pittsburgh Veg Fair   May 4 | Rockwell Park
Pittsburgh VegFest is celebrating 10 years in a big way with this  East End celebration ! This free entry food festival will showcase veg food, small businesses and animal welfare NPOs. Seating is available inside once you grab your food truck grub!
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Pittsburgh VegFest (@pittsburghvegfest)
Greek Food Festivals   Select dates throughout Pittsburgh May-Sept. 2024
Our  Insider's Guide to Pittsburgh Greek Food Festivals  provides a complete listing of the many Greek festival dates and locations.
Mac & Cheese Festival   May 18, 2024 | Stacks at 3 Crossings
Top chefs, food trucks and vendors will serve up 30+ kinds of  Mac & Cheese  for you to sample as we crown the best mac and cheese in Pittsburgh.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Mac And Cheese Fests In The US (@macandcheesefests)
Picklesburgh   July 18-21, 2024
For three days in July, Downtown Pittsburgh will transform into  Picklesburgh , highlighted by a giant flying pickle balloon. Picklesburgh is an annual festival that celebrates pickling in all its glorious incarnations and goes beyond the dill pickle to include international dishes and handcrafted foods from local chefs; “how-to” demos; a selection of artisan cocktails; pickle themed merchandise, live music, and even a competitive pickle juice drinking contest.
Little Italy Days   Aug. 15-18, 2024 | Bloomfield
It's all-Italian-all the time at  Bloomfield Little Italy Days  which takes place at the end of August and features music, food, games and more food! Tacos are more than for Tuesday!
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Little Italy Days (@littleitalydays)
Vegetarian and Vegan Food Festivals   Aug. 10, 2024 | Allegheny Commons Park Sept. 29, 2024 | Velum Fermentation
Vegetarians and Vegans  are not left out in Pittsburgh! Every summer Pittsburgh gathers for the  Pittsburgh Vegan Expo & Festival  as well as  Pittsburgh VegFest  in late summer/early fall, both highlighting local vegetable-based restaurants and shops, meat-eaters might just be surprised how satisfied you will be eating a vegetable-based meal!
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Pittsburgh VegFest (@pittsburghvegfest)
Pittsburgh Irish Festival   Sept. 6-8, 2024 | Carrie Furnaces
The  Pittsburgh Irish Festival  happens each September and features authentic Irish food, music and crafts.
The Original Pittsburgh Taco Festival   Sept. 14, 2024
Make time for the  Pittsburgh Taco Festival , an annual food festival that celebrates  tacos  and the city's Latin-American community.
Lawrenceville Cookie Tour   TBD 2024 The Lawrenceville neighborhood hosts the annual  Joy of Cookies Cookie Tour  each December. This free, family-friendly event takes place at more than 30 participating businesses where Cookie Tourists can sample the shopkeeper's favorite cookie.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Brooklyn Bagel at Arsenal (@brooklynbagelatarsenal)
Apple Festivals   Fall 2024
Fall means apple season in Pittsburgh and the surrounding region. Don't-miss apple festivals include the  Hickory Apple Festival  and  Delmont Apple n Arts Festival  which bring a healthy dose of family fun and hundreds of gallons of fresh cider to attendees.
View this post on Instagram                         A post shared by Fishy Things (@fishythings412)
Maple Festivals   March-April 2024
Spring is maple season and the  Maple Syrup Festival  in Beaver County and  Maple Taste & Tour Weekend  and  PA Maple Festival  in Somerset County are your ticket to tree tapping and the freshest maple syrup from the state's top producers.
Authentic Experiences
Top Beer Festivals in Pittsburgh
Learn More
Only in Pittsburgh Summer Festivals & Events
Learn More
Pittsburgh Fall Festivals 2024 Guide | Fairs, Events & More
Learn More
Pittsburgh Music Festivals To Jam To
Learn More
Restaurants & Culinary
Learn More
Japanese Restaurants in Pittsburgh
Learn More
Dig in to Pittsburgh Restaurant Week Summer 2024
Learn More
The Ultimate Guide to Italian Restaurants in Pittsburgh
Learn More
Insider’s Guide: Pittsburgh Vegan Restaurants & Vegetable Forward Menus
Learn More
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.
Accept
Experience Builder
Quick Search
Full Search
Location Map

