 
The space-grant colleges are educational institutions in the United States that comprise a network of fifty-three consortia established in 1988 for the purpose of outer space-related research. Each consortium is based in one of the fifty states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, or Guam, and each consists of multiple independent space-grant institutions, with one of the institutions acting as lead.

Similar programs include sea-grant colleges (instituted in 1966) and sun-grant colleges (instituted in 2003).

The program states the following objectives:

The National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program was established in 1988 by the US Congress following the success of similar scholarship opportunities in the oceanic Sea Grant and agricultural Land Grant fields. The catch-all term Space Grant refers back to these previous federal programs. In 1989, the program was given over to NASA, which administers it in the same way that NOAA administers Sea Grant.

The first meeting of the National Council of Space Grant Directors took place from January 16 to January 19, 1990, at the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory in Columbia, Maryland, and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in La Cañada Flintridge, California.
 In 2011, an effort was made to begin collecting the history of the council.

Building Leaders for Advancing Science and Technology (BLAST)
BLAST is a three-day summer event that takes place at Virginia's Old Dominion University. This free, STEM-centered event, is available to 8th and 9th graders with a 2.3 GPA or better. BLAST's purpose is to show the students the interesting aspects of STEM to those who are unsure whether they want to be involved in STEM or not.

Nationwide Eclipse Ballooning Project
The NEBP is a high-altitude, balloon launching program.

eXploration Systems and Habitation (X-Hab) 2019 Academic Innovation Challenge
The eXploration Systems and Habitation (X-Hab) challenge seeks better the academic and technological abilities of university students. It utilizes hands-on training in the implementation of space habitats for deep space missions. There is an Advanced Exploration Systems (AES) Division where university students can compete to win awards worth $15,000–50,000 for a functional design that the AES finds useful and, or, interesting.

John Mather Nobel Scholars
Established in 2008, the John Mather Nobel Scholars is a scholarship program open to NASA-Goddard Space Flight. The program provides $3,000 so that a chosen participant can share their research paper with NASA professionals. To be a part of this program, a GPA of 3.5 or higher is necessary along with being a junior or higher.

NASA KSC Higher Education Support Services
The NASA/Kennedy Space Center Higher Education Support Services supports college grade Higher Education competitions. Such competitions entail internships, senior design projects, and selective grants.

National Space Grant Distinguished Service Award
The National Space Grant Distinguished Service Award was created by Josh Simpson and is awarded to students who will have an impact in a STEM field related to NASA's mission/goals.

Space Grant Support Services
The goal of the Space Grant Support Services is to better the Space Grant network. The Space Grant Support Services supports the Space Grant network in many different ways from an economical view to a public view.

Space Systems Engineering Website
The Space Systems Engineering Website is a free, six-week, online course that allows students to work and learn with NASA's engineers. Course materials will always be accessible and students are able to use the learned resources in any way they please.

Virginia Aerospace Science and Technology Program
The Virginia Aerospace Science and Technology Program is a one-week, online, STEM summer program. The program focuses on NASA-related research provided by NASA's STEM professionals.

Virginia Commonwealth STEM Industry Internship Program (CSIIP)
The Virginia Commonwealth STEM Industry Internship Program or CSIIP, provides an online internship application system for STEM majors. This was done for the people to meet the increasing demand for citizens with STEM majors.

Virginia Earth System Science Scholars
The Virginia Earth System Science Scholars is a STEM-centered program where participants participate with NASA's professional researchers. The Virginia Space Coast Scholars (VSCS) program is an online, week long, STEM-centered program that focuses on the study of NASA's missions.

William A Hiscock Space Grant Scholarship Fund
The William A Hiscock Space Grant Scholarship Fund was created "in memory of William Hiscock, the former director of the Montana Space Grant." Due to his efforts, many NASA ballooning centered programs were created.

As of 2002, there are over 850 participating institutions.

Alabama Space Grant Consortium

Alaska Space Grant Consortium

Arizona Space Grant Consortium

Arkansas Space Grant Consortium

California Space Grant Consortium


Colorado Space Grant Consortium

Connecticut Space Grant Consortium

Delaware Space Grant Consortium

Florida Space Grant Consortium

Georgia Space Grant Consortium

Hawai'i Space Grant Consortium

Idaho Space Grant Consortium

Illinois Space Grant Consortium

Indiana Space Grant Consortium

Iowa Space Grant Consortium

Kansas Space Grant Consortium

Kentucky Space Grant Consortium

Louisiana Space Grant Consortium

Maine Space Grant Consortium

Maryland Space Grant Consortium

Massachusetts Space Grant Consortium

Michigan Space Grant Consortium

Minnesota Space Grant Consortium

Mississippi Space Grant Consortium

Missouri Space Grant Consortium

Montana Space Grant Consortium

Nebraska Space Grant Consortium

Nevada Space Grant Consortium

New Hampshire Space Grant Consortium

New Jersey Space Grant Consortium

New Mexico Space Grant Consortium

New York Space Grant Consortium

North Carolina Space Grant Consortium

North Dakota Space Grant Consortium

Ohio Space Grant Consortium

Oklahoma Space Grant Consortium

Oregon Space Grant Consortium

Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium

Puerto Rico Space Grant Consortium

Rhode Island Space Grant Consortium

South Carolina Space Grant Consortium

South Dakota Space Grant Consortium

Tennessee Space Grant Consortium

Texas Space Grant Consortium
Academic Members

Government Members

Industry Members

Non-Profit Members

Utah Space Grant Consortium

Vermont Space Grant Consortium

Virginia Space Grant Consortium

Washington D.C. NASA Space Grant Consortium

Washington NASA Space Grant Consortium

West Virginia Space Grant Consortium

Wisconsin Space Grant Consortium

Wyoming NASA Space Grant Consortium


