title: Vermiglio  time: Fri, Mar  7 - Thu, Mar 20, 2025  venue: Harris Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: The lush and breathtaking beauty of the Alps, filmed with painterly grace under natural light from frigid winter to redemptive spring, provides the physical and emotional backdrop for ‘Vermiglio,’ Maura Delpero’s visionary film, which won the Silver Lion at the 2024 Venice Film Festival. This singular portrait of a sprawling family, set in the small, mountainous village of Vermiglio during the waning days of WWII, follows a series of dramatic, consequential events after the arrival of a taciturn Sicilian soldier (Giuseppe De Domenico), who hides out in town after deserting the army. While there, the soldier develops a romance with the family's eldest daughter, Lucia (Martina Scrinzi). ‘Vermiglio’ shows the lives of a provincial family in a remote village suspended in time by the customs of a fading era. Conjuring stories from her own family’s past, Delpero creates a deeply personal and human tale that recalls the great neorealist movement in Italian cinema, but through Lucia’s perspective ‘Vermiglio’ feels distinct and novel. Italy’s Official Selection for the 2025 Academy Awards.  Directed by Maura Delpero  2024 | Italy, France, Belgium | Landin and Italian language with English Subtitles | DCP  Rated NR
title: Kimberly Akimbo  time: Tue, Mar  4 - Sun, Mar  9, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh  detail: Benedum Center Broadway & Musical Theater The 2023 Tony-winner for best musical, based on David Lindsay-Abaire's play of the same title, revolves around a teenage girl named Kimberly Levaco, who suffers from a condition that rapidly accelerates the aging process. Before she has had a chance to venture forth into the world as an adult, she finds herself turning into an old woman.  Her story, unfolding like a dark fairy tale, is as whimsical as it is piercing. Yet the effect is powerfully life-affirming in the way it reminds audiences of the preciousness of the time we have at hand. Full of quirky humor and social satire on grownup immaturity, the musical features a score by Jeanine Tesori (music) and David Lindsay-Abaire (lyrics) that will leave you both grinning and deeply touched.
title: Ben Seidman in Good Charlatan  time: Wed, Mar  5 - Sun, Mar 16, 2025  venue: Liberty Magic  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Good Charlatan dives into the world of con artistry, pickpocketing, and real magic. The show is a hilarious and profoundly beautiful plunge into the underworld of those who use and abuse the powers of deception.   Our tour guide, Ben Seidman combines sleight of hand and psychological deception to cheat at cards, pick your pockets, and demonstrate the importance of using our powers for good. At its core, Good Charlatan questions the existence of free will and reimagines how one simple lie can unfold into a spiral of truth.  Ben Seidman guest-starred on the Netflix series Brainchild, produced by Pharrell, and starred in both Vanity Fair and WIRED’s “Experts React” series, discussing magic, sleight of hand, and pickpocketing. Ben appeared in the Vanderpump Rules Season 9 premiere, starred in two specials on Travel Channel, and appeared twice on Penn & Teller: Fool Us. While known for large events, Ben also creates amazement at small private parties, including performances for Christina Aguilera, Woody Harrelson, and Zedd. He has dazzled CEOs, senators, and the late-great Robin Williams.  Seidman was the only person in history to be named the Resident Magician at Mandalay Bay Resort in Las Vegas. He was awarded the Princess Cruises “Entertainer of the Year” award and consulted on three seasons of Mindfreak on A&E, designing illusions for Criss Angel. Seidman taught magic to Johnny Knoxville and consulted on multiple feature films in the Jackass franchise. Internationally, he wrote and directed magic for SVT, the biggest TV channel in Sweden. Ben lives in Los Angeles with his wife Sarah and his dog Juno.
title: Liza: A Truly Terrific Absolutely True Story  time: Fri, Mar  7 - Thu, Mar 13, 2025  venue: Harris Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: This star studded tribute brings into focus the dazzling, complex period of Liza Minnelli’s life starting in the 1970s, just after the tragic death of her mother Judy Garland—as she confronts a range of personal and professional challenges on the way to becoming a bona fide legend. Over these years, Liza seeks out extraordinary mentors: KayThompson, Fred Ebb, Charles Aznavour, Halston, and Bob Fosse. With insightful participation from a coterie of colleagues such as Michael Feinstein, Mia Farrow, Ben Vereen, Joel Grey and the late Chita Rivera, along with the revelatory participation by the star herself, the film illuminates the contradiction of Liza Minnelli: her privilege and struggle, strength and vulnerability, unreal expectations and towering talent–the friction of which fueled her stunning rise, resilience and her enduring place as one of thegreatest, most original performers in the history of entertainment.  Directed by Bruce David Klein  2024 | USA | English language | DCP  Online sales end 15 minutes prior to showtime. Please visit the Harris Theater box office after this time to purchase tickets.  Concessions Concessions are available for all screenings and the Harris Theater is now BYOB. Guests who bring alcoholic beverages must be 21 years or older and provide valid photo ID upon request, a $5 charge will be issued per guest.
title: International Art House Classics: M (1931) 35mm  time: Sat, Mar  8 - Thu, Mar 13, 2025  venue: Harris Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Set in 1931 Berlin, M is the chilling tale of serial child murderer Hans Beckert (Peter Lorre, in a star-defining performance) and the community he terrorizes, its various strata and conceptions of justice. Opening with an unsolved murder, the film depicts a frantic hunt for the killer. With the sanctioned wheels of the lawful justice system turning, the city's criminal underworld begins to have difficulties conducting business as usual. The streets are thick with police on high alert, conducting raids at every opportunity. In response, the city's mobsters devise a vigilante plan to capture the murderer and bring him to justice themselves. The first sound film of German-Austrian master Fritz Lang, M has come to be considered the original psychological thriller, the begetter of what would come to be known as film noir — and a profound exploration of crime, punishment and justice  Directed by Fritz Lang  1931 | Germany | German language with English subtitles | 35mm  Online sales end 15 minutes prior to showtime. Please visit the Harris Theater box office after this time to purchase tickets.  Concessions Concessions are available for all screenings and the Harris Theater is now BYOB. Guests who bring alcoholic beverages must be 21 years or older and provide valid photo ID upon request, a $5 charge will be issued per guest.
title: Mr. Messado's School of Magic for the Young and Young at Heart  time: Sun, Sep  1 - Sun, Mar 23, 2025  venue: Liberty Magic  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Forget everything you know about magicians pulling rabbits out of top hats. Mr. Messado brings a fresh new take on the age-old art of prestidigitation. Join superstar magician Mr. Messado for his new astonishing play designed exclusively for Liberty Magic. Time tested through thousands of performances at appearances around the world, schools, company events, private parties and more, Mr. Messado’s Magic School for the Young and Young at Heart will have both teens AND adults amazed from start to finish! This 60 minute spectacular, featuring a combination of stunning magic and clean comedy, is full of interactive wonder. Whether it be shouting the magic words from the comfort of your seats or by coming up on stage to be trained as a magical assistant, every member of your party will actively participate throughout the show. Mr. Messado’s story begins on the TV screen of his grandmother’s Philadelphia living room where global stars like Michael Jackson and David Copperfield ignited a love for entertainment and storytelling. In this deeply personal, hilarious and engaging performance you’ll get to know the mister behind the magic, the rabble-rousing raconteur behind the cape, the magic mentor who is Mr. Messado.  This unique family friendly matinee takes place each Sunday at Liberty Magic, our one-of-a-kind intimate speakeasy with only 67 seats in 4 rows, typically reserved only for adults. Mr. Messado’s Magic School for the Young and Young at Heart is recommended for ages 8+. Little brothers and sisters 6 years and older can tag along. No tattletales, snitches, or cheats.  Joshua Messado started Messado Magic over 20 years ago at the Houdini’s magic theatre in Atlantic City, NJ. There he found his passion for performing and discovered the linking rings, which is now his signature effect. After Houdini’s, he co-owned a magic shop and theatre in Philadelphia, PA for several years. His career in magic led to national and international television appearances as seen on Wizard Wars with Penn and Teller, SyFy Channel (USA), Temple University TV (USA), Illusions of grandeur, OLN (Canada) and recently on Farid Magic 13, Pro7 (Germany). He’s performed at reputable theatres like the Magic Castle in Hollywood, Chicago Magic Lounge, and Monday Night Magic in New York. He is well equipped with stunning sleight of hand with comedic timing to amaze a wide variety of spectators: corporate shows, college market, resorts, celebrities, adults and children alike. References are ranging from TD Bank, Tropicana Casino to David Copperfield.  FAQ: Age Requirements. We have found that kids 5 years of age and under won't understand most of what is happening in this sophisticated magical play, and will probably start to wiggle in their seats because they don't have the attention span to sit and watch
title: Stephanie J. Block  time: Mon, Mar 10, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Cabaret Series  detail: Established as one of theater’s most relevant and versatile voices, Block boasts an impressive career with credits including Into the Woods, Sunset Boulevard, The Cher Show (Tony®, Lead Actress), Falsettos, The Mystery of Edwin Drood, Anything Goes, 9 to 5, The Pirate Queen, The Boy From Oz, and originating the role of Elphaba in the first national tour of Wicked.  Run Time: 60-70 minutes, no intermission
title: Benedum Theater Tour  time: Tue, Feb 25 - Mon, Apr 28, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Explore the rich history of the Benedum Center with a passionate Pittsburgh Cultural Trust guide.  On this one-hour tour, you will have the chance to step behind the scenes and into the historic 2,800-seat theater. From the iconic crystal chandeliers to the expansive stage (one of the largest in the country), the Benedum Center is filled with unique features and fascinating stories that you will have the opportunity to experience on a new level.  Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666.
title: Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon: The Super Live  time: Wed, Mar 12, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Prepare to be enchanted!  Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon: The Super Live, the groundbreaking 2.5D musical, is bringing the iconic “Sailor Moon” world to life like never before. This stunning stage adaptation—based on the legendary manga and anime—transports audiences into a dazzling world of friendship and justice with its electrifying performances, unforgettable choreography and show-stopping music.  This production was the first-ever 2.5D musical to hit North American stages, ushering in a new era of live theatre that merges the visual style of manga and anime with the immersive power of live performance. Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon: The Super Live is a one-of-a-kind experience that will captivate fans of all ages.  With book, lyrics and direction by Kaori Miura (The Musical The Prince of Tennis, Tokyo Revengers the Musical), choreography by Satomi Toma and music by Go Sakabe and KYOHEI, this is your chance to see “Sailor Moon” like never before, live, on stage, in a spectacular 2.5D musical event! Witness the excitement and be part of the phenomenon that’s captured the hearts of millions worldwide!  Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon: The Super Live will be performed in Japanese with English subtitles.
title: Annie  time: Fri, Mar 14 - Sat, Mar 15, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh  detail: Holding onto hope when times are tough can take an awful lot of determination, and sometimes, an awful lot of determination comes in a surprisingly small package. Little Orphan Annie has reminded generations of theatergoers that sunshine is always right around the corner, and now the best-loved musical of all time is set to return in a new production – just as you remember it and just when we need it most.  Annie, directed by Jenn Thompson, features the iconic book and score, written by Tony Award®-winners Thomas Meehan, Charles Strouse and Martin Charnin. This celebration of family, optimism and the American spirit remains the ultimate cure for all the hard knocks life throws your way.
title: Universal Language  time: Fri, Mar 14 - Thu, Mar 20, 2025  venue: Harris Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: With deadpan, absurdist charm, Manitoban filmmaker Matthew Rankin triangulates a group of interconnected storylines set in a wintry, bleakly beautiful Winnipeg. Two kids discover a bank note frozen in a block of ice, which they hope to retrieve to buy their classmates a new pair of glasses. A tour guide brings befuddled visitors on a walking tour of the city’s modest environs. A melancholy man (Rankin, in an autobiographical role) returns home from Montreal to reunite with his family after many years. Imagining a city in which Farsi is the predominant language, Rankin’s visually and narratively inventive film was inspired by Iranian films of the 1970s, frequently humanistic children’s fables, in this case transferred to a world of beige, concrete brutalist buildings and increasingly surreal, Tati-esque humor.  Directed by Matthew Rankin  2024 | Canada | Farsi and French language with English subtitles | DCP  Online sales end 15 minutes prior to showtime. Please visit the Harris Theater box office after this time to purchase tickets.  Concessions Concessions are available for all screenings and the Harris Theater is now BYOB. Guests who bring alcoholic beverages must be 21 years or older and provide valid photo ID upon request, a $5 charge will be issued per guest.
title: CANCELLED - Lords Of The Sound Orchestra "The Music of Hans Zimmer"  time: Sun, Mar 16, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: West Live  detail: Updated February 11, 2025 - Due to unforseen travel issues, this event has been cancelled. Ticket buyers were notified and tickets have been refunded to their original method of payment. Contact Guest Services at 412-456-6666 with questions.   Lords Of The Sound Orchestra "The Music of Hans Zimmer"  Lords of the Sound pays tribute to one of the most influential film composers of our era. Zimmer’s work has set the standard for modern film music, creating an atmosphere that transcends the screen and resonates with audiences globally. This program features scores from Zimmer’s vast repertoire, including Dune, The Dark Knight, Inception, Pirates of the Caribbean, Interstellar, Sherlock Holmes, The Lion King, Man of Steel, and more. Through a mix of classical and rock elements, this concert delivers an exhilarating journey into Zimmer's universe, where rich soundscapes and the positive energy of every orchestra member, vocalist, and conductor on stage surround audiences.  The concert promises a well-balanced showcase of Zimmer’s most beloved music, capturing the essence of modern cinema with every note. With Nazar Yakobenchuk as conductor and soloists Illia Skrebnov and Yaroslava Taran, Lords of the Sound ensures a performance that is as moving as it is memorable, bringing the cinematic magic of Zimmer’s scores to life.  This is a rental event presented by an independent organization separate from the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. The Trust is committed to its core values of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility, including freedom of expression.
title: A Sudden Gust of Wind  time: April 26, 2024 - March 31, 2025  venue: N/A  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: A Sudden Gust of Wind Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order A Sudden Gust of Wind A Sudden Gust of Wind Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis April 26, 2024-March 31, 2025 A Sudden Gust of Wind is a newly commissioned public art project by the interdisciplinary Pittsburgh-based and internationally-renowned artists Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis. This outdoor large-scale public artwork consists of a sequence of 200 sculptures installed within the branches of over 80 existing trees throughout the Cultural District. As visitors to downtown Pittsburgh walk through the Cultural District they encounter a number of multi-colored kites which appear to be crashed and trapped in trees. Their forms are crumpled, and their fabric tails are animated by the weather, tangling over time within the branches. These art works, discovered rather than pointed out, invite an audience to consider themselves carefully attuned to the material remains of life’s idiosyncrasies. The kites read as a colorful aftermath of an implied celebratory event. A kite festival gone wrong. A sudden gust of wind that broke the string tethering the kite to its owner. With irreverence and humor, Clayton and Lewis explore the interconnectivity and tension within the human-nature relationship. The colorful, tragi-comic kite sculptures that comprise this large-scale public artwork express the amusement and creativity that kites symbolize as well as the sense of disappointment when they cease to function. A Sudden Gust of Wind by Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis is commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Anastasia James, Director of Galleries & Public Art. This project would not be possible without the efforts of George Dun, Manager of Gallery Facilities & Public Art and art handlers Kennedy Deen, Chris Korch, Josh Rievel, and Jacquet Kehm with assistance by Davine Byon, Curatorial Assistant. Public Programs Multiple public programs will be presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust during the exhibition’s run. Initial events include: Grand Opening | Friday, April 26, 2024 in conjunction with Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District Community Flying Days | Sunday, June 9, 2024 , in conjunction with the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival . Free kites will be provided! Guests attending The Kite Runner on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh season, May 7-12, may also sense a poignant connection between the simultaneous Cultural District presentations. About the artists: Lenka Clayton is an interdisciplinary artist whose work exaggerates, and alters the accepted rules of everyday life, extending the familiar into the realms of the poetic and absurd. Recent exhibitions include Rising Sun (2023) at Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Day Jobs (2023) at the Blanton Museum of Art, T o Begin Again (2022) at ICA Boston, The Carnegie International 57th Ed. (2018), Object Temporarily Removed (2017) at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in Philadelphia, Apollo’s Muse (2019) at The Metropolitan Museum of Art NY and The Grand Illusion , at the Lyon Biennial, France (2020). In 2017 the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum commissioned a major new work by Clayton and collaborator Jon Rubin, entitled A talking parrot, a high school drama class, a Punjabi TV show, the oldest song in the world, a museum artwork, and a congregation’s call to action circle through New York . With the participation of six diverse venues around New York City, the artists arranged for an essential element from each site—referenced in the project’s title—to circulate from one place to the next, creating a six-month network of social and material exchange. Clayton’s work has been supported by The Warhol Foundation and The National Endowment for the Arts. She has received an Art Matters Award, a Carol R. Brown Award for Creative Achievement, and a Creative Development Grant from Heinz/Pittsburgh Foundation. She has been artist-in-residence at The Fabric Workshop and Museum, PA and Headlands Center for the Arts, CA and was a Sabrina Merage Fellow with Black Cube Nomadic Art Museum. Clayton’s work is held in the permanent collections of The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, SFMoMA in California, Hamburger Kunsthalle in Germany, Mount Holyoke College Art Museum in Massachusetts, The Carnegie Museum of Art, The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art and The Philadelphia Museum of Art in Pennsylvania. Permanent public artworks include Darkhouse Lighthouse, and Historic Site, both made with collaborator Phillip Andrew Lewis. Phillip Andrew Lewis (b.1973, lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media including photography, video objects, and sound. His creative research often responds to historical events, psychology, and phenomenology. This work consistently examines duration, perceptual limits and attentive observation. Lewis is actively involved in collaboration with artists and various groups. Phillip has exhibited his work both nationally and internationally. He received a 2012 Creative Capital Grant in Visual Art for his ongoing long-term project entitled SYNONYM . He has also received generous support for his research from Black Cube, Headlands Center for the Arts, Culture and Animals Foundation, Center for Creative Photography, Foundation for Contemporary Art in New York, Fathomers, Bemis Center for Contemporary Art, Midway Contemporary Arts Fund, Tennessee Arts Commission, University of Tennessee, Urban Arts Commission, The Heinz Endowments, The Pittsburgh Foundation, and Sabrina Merage Foundation.  He is a tenured full professor at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. In collaboration with his wife, Lenka Clayton, he runs a project space in Pittsburgh called Gallery Closed which is open 24/7 via two street facing windows. Visual Arts Wood Street Galleries Wood Street Galleries Archive SPACE Gallery SPACE Gallery Archive 707 Penn Gallery 707 Penn Gallery Archive 820 Liberty Gallery 820 Liberty Gallery Archive Public Art A Sudden Gust of Wind 168 Lightbulbs 9th & Penn Parklet Agnes R. Katz Plaza Allegheny Riverfront Park Bike Racks Cell Phone Disco Flow Haas Mural Magnolias for Pittsburgh Tito Way Billboards Water Cube Temporary Installations Thaddeus Mosley Upcoming Events Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur  time: February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025  venue: Wood Street Galleries  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Pittsburgh Wood Street Galleries February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Skip to get tickets Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Wood Street Galleries Ticket Prices Free Film Free In Monument Eternal , Le’Andra LeSeur dissects the ways that monuments erected to commemorate racist legacies have altered the mental psyche of Black communities. The artist contemplates how this alteration manifests in the physical body, especially when presented with, and situated in, the sonic rhythms that reverberate across these sites of violence. Comprising a new series of work co-commissioned with the Pioneer Works, Brooklyn the exhibition marks LeSeur’s first institutional solo presentation. Monument Eternal centers on a titular video inspired by Stone Mountain in Georgia—a public park distinguished by a three-acre-wide carving that depicts Confederate leaders on horseback, begun in 1923 and completed in 1972. In spite of this, it remains the state’s most popular attraction, frequented by local residents and tourists alike for its recreational offerings. LeSeur spent the majority of her adolescence in Atlanta and recalls many family gatherings at Stone Mountain. She began researching the site’s history after revisiting it as an adult in 2017. Two years later, she started to consider its corporeal impact, which eventually gave way to this series. A poetic translation of the body in collapse, the video stitches together slow-motion captures of the artist falling, unabated and repeatedly, on the mountain’s peak. The work borrows its title from an abridged autobiography written by Alice Coltrane, in which the avant-garde composer recounts her journey through physical and mental tests continuously self-imposed in the pursuit of spiritual transcendence. Similarly, LeSeur pushes her body to extreme physical limits within her own performance practice as a way of confronting, and subsequently transcending, both historical legacies of Blackness as well as her own personal identity as a queer Black person. This process of perseverance and self-discovery is captured within the spoken word poetry written and narrated by LeSeur, which provides the basis for the film’s score. In the artist’s own words: “My work aims for a more intentional and sensitive connection to, participation with, and activation of, sites of violence, sparking continuous dialogue around the impact these sites have had on Black communities. This work is communal, historical, social, political, and environmental. It is, for me, health care. At the core of this project, I introduce new forms of healing and reconciliation within the midst of trauma and violence, through repeated gestures and the transformation of sound into a physical presence. My practice continuously considers ways in which art can transform violence into something beyond. Monument Eternal transforms memories of violence, remnants of violence, and even physical embodiments of violence into transcendences.” Accompanying this video will be other works created through remembrance of LeSeur’s recent encounters with Stone Mountain, including a painting completed during her 2023 residency at Pioneer Works. While visiting the monument, the artist observed her bodily reactions—for instance, a nervous flick of her hand—and took note of the way that she breathed as she walked around the site. These movements are translated into mark-marking gestures on paintings and drawings, as well as a rhythmic baseline for how she blew into glass during the creation of new sculptural works. In doing so, natural responses, otherwise imperceptible to others, become tangible records that surpass the limits of time and place. While visiting Pittsburgh in preparation for her exhibition at Wood Street Galleries, LeSeur became intrigued by the missing archives of the Pittsburgh Courier (1913–1922), the city’s oldest Black newspaper. Rather than searching for their location, she reflects on the impact of such a loss—a profound cultural erasure within a prominent Black community, a gap she argues is deeply debilitating. In response to this exploration and reflection, LeSeur created a new work titled Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist , referencing both Henry Miller’s Black Spring (1936) and the Algerian Black Spring of 2001. The resulting multi-channel video and sound work combines original and sourced 8mm film and video. Centering on a rare recording of Phyllis Hyman performing “Gonna Make Changes” at the Kennedy Center, the piece confronts viewers with a larger question: Can mere survival counteract erasure, or does it merely deplete us? The installation of Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist will premier at Wood Street Galleries on February 1st as an addendum to Monument Eternal . About the Artist Le’Andra LeSeur (b. 1989 in Bronx, NY) is a multidisciplinary artist whose work encompasses a range of media including video, installation, photography, painting, and performance. Her body of work, a celebration of Blackness, queerness, and femininity, seeks to dismantle systems of power and achieve transcendence and liberation through perseverance. Through the insertion of her body and voice into her work, LeSeur provides her audience with an opportunity to contemplate themes such as identity, family, Black grief and joy, the experience of invisibility, and what it means to take up space as a queer Black woman—a rejection of the stereotypes which attempt to push these identities to the margins. The artist has received several notable awards including the Tulsa Artist Fellowship (2024), Leslie-Lohman Museum Artists Fellowship (2019), the Time-Based Medium Prize as well as the Juried Grand Prize at Artprize 10 (2018). LeSeur has appeared in conversation with Marilyn Minter at the Brooklyn Museum, presented by the Tory Burch Foundation, and has lectured at The New School, NY, NY and the University of the Arts, Philadelphia, PA, among others. Her work has been shown in solo and group exhibitions at MFA Boston, Boston, MA; Swivel Gallery, NY, NY; The Shed, New York, NY; Marlborough, New York, NY; Atlanta Contemporary, Atlanta, GA; A.I.R. Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Assembly Room, New York, NY; Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Arnika Dawkins, Atlanta, GA; and others. Residencies include Pioneer Works, iLab at The University of the Arts, Visual Studies Workshop, ArcAthens, NARS Foundation, Marble House Project, and MASS MoCA. Monument eternal will be on view at Pioneer Works, New York from September 6 –December 16the prior to travelling to Wood Street Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Le’Andra LeSeur: Monument Eternal is co-commissioned by Pioneer Works and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Vivian Chui. The exhibition is made possible, in part, by the Tulsa Artist Fellowship and public funds from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in Partnership with the City Council, as well as the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature. Regular Hours Wednesday - Sunday 11 am - 5 pm | Closed 1 - 1:30 pm Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood Street Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-6666 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone  time: September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025  venue: 707 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Pittsburgh 707 Gallery September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Skip to get tickets Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Mar  9, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 707 Gallery Free For nearly four decades, Kim Bond (b. 1963, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) has explored the intersections of paranormal phenomena and the pursuit of a kinder, more inclusive world through her multidisciplinary practice encompassing drawings, paintings, sculptures, and writings. Bond's oeuvre is characterized by the integration of extraterrestrial imagery, including aliens, spacecraft, and Sasquatch, into natural environments such as the Colorado Mountains, Niagara Falls, Lake Erie, and Mt. St. Helena. These entities, with whom Bond professes communication, are depicted in tranquil landscapes, symbolizing hope and moral integrity. Another series depicts “The Rainbow Club,” Bond's vision for a utopian social venue that welcomes all beings, transcending barriers of gender, ability, age, and even species. In a fragmented society, Bond's work envisions a harmonious realm where diversity is not only accepted but celebrated. Bond initially honed her artistic skills and developed her unique aesthetic language through exposure to The Joy of Painting, a groundbreaking instructional television program created by Bob Ross that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS. The Joy of Painting democratized access to arts education, including individuals with disabilities. Airing on public television, the show allowed people to learn how to paint from their homes, eliminating both cost barriers and the need for physical attendance in classes. Ross’ simple, encouraging instruction and adaptive tools and techniques made painting approachable for everyone, regardless of skill level or physical ability. The flexible viewing format and his philosophy of “no mistakes, only happy accidents” further promoted creativity and individual expression, breaking down barriers and highlighting the inclusive power of art. Since 2018, Bond has been a resident artist at VaultArt Studio, a progressive arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art by providing professional-level arts instruction in a supportive studio environment. Bond’s affiliation with VaultArt Studio has allowed her to further develop and professionalize her artistic practice, engage with a diverse community of artists, and continue to advocate for inclusivity through her work. Her contributions to the studio and the broader community exemplify her commitment to creating a world where differences are embraced and celebrated. Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone is curated by Steph Neary & Anastasia James and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. This exhibition is part of a series of exhibitions in collaboration with VaultArt Studio that promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art. Image: Kim Bond, Rainbow Sasquatch, 2024, acrylic on paper. Courtesy the artist and VaultArt Studios. Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666 . 707 Gallery 707 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025  time: May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Skip to get tickets Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Fri, May 16 - Sun, Aug  3, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Celebrated as one of the region’s longest-running, juried exhibitions, the 2025 edition of the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival’s annual Juried Visual Art Exhibition celebrates the rich history, vibrant culture, and scenic beauty of the Pittsburgh region. This open call invites artists within a 150-mile radius of downtown Pittsburgh to submit works that reflect the spirit, resilience, and diversity of this area—whether through landscapes, portraits, urban scenes, or abstract interpretations. From the lush riverbanks and iconic bridges to the industrial past and dynamic communities, this exhibition will showcase the essence of Pittsburgh and its surroundings as seen through the eyes of local artists. Each year, the exhibition highlights the exceptional talent and perspectives of artists in our region. Esteemed jurors select a range of works from hundreds of submissions, with five individual prizes awarded: 1 Best in Show (selected by all jurors) $2500 cash prize 3 Juror’s Pick $1000 cash prize 1 People’s Choice $1000 cash prize Submissions Accepted: December 16th, 2024 - February 27th, 2025 Photos 2025 Jurors Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss (b. 1987 in Anaheim, CA) is an artist who supports other artists through her curatorial work, consultancy and custodianship. Jessica received a bachelors in Fine Art from Carnegie Mellon University in 2009; a masters in Arts Administration, Policy and Management from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2015; and she graduated from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 2018. Jessica has collaborated with notable artists, contributing to social practice, public art and community engaged projects like Mel Chin's Fundred Dollar Bill Project, Theaster Gates' Rebuild Foundation, and Alisha B Wormsley's Sibyls Shrine, where she currently serves as the collective's managing director and curator. Her work and projects have been featured in Architectural Digest, The Root, Black Art in America, and Bloomberg News. Jessica has been acclaimed as a 'Leading Voice in Public Art,' honored as a 'Woman of Achievement,' and recognized among 'Women to Watch.' She has been awarded the prestigious 40 Under 40 award in multiple US cities, recognizing her dedication towards advancing equity within the arts beyond borders. Her impactful works and contributions have been acknowledged with grant awards and honors from distinguished funders including The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, The Black Art Futures Fund and The Ford Foundation. Close This Modal Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography Helen Trompeteler is a curator and writer deeply committed to supporting underrepresented visual artists. As Deputy Director and Director of Programs at Silver Eye Center for Photography, she brings over twenty years of curatorial expertise following roles at the Royal Collection Trust (UK), the National Portrait Gallery (UK), and as an independent curator. A passionate advocate for artists and audiences, her writing has been published worldwide. Close This Modal Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art Akemi May is the Associate Curator of Works on Paper at Carnegie Museum of Art where she is responsible for the care of the museum’s collection of over 11,600 drawings, watercolors, prints, and collages. Since joining the museum in 2009, May has collaborated on major collection reinstallations and organized numerous exhibitions including, Japan is the Key: Collecting Prints and Ivories, 1900-1920, Hiroshige's Tōkaidō Road, Monet and the Modern City, and A Delight for the Senses, The Still Life. Her most recent exhibition, Imprinting in Their Time: Japanese Printmakers, 1912-2022 drew from the museum’s extensive collection of modern and contemporary Japanese prints and featured special loans from local collectors. May is interested in the history of collecting and the life stories of objects. She was a contributor to Art Tracks , a pioneering data visualization initiative for provenance research and oversaw the publication of the museum’s recent Collection Handbook . Published in honor of the 125th anniversary of Carnegie Museum of Art, the handbook documents the transformation of the collection through personal reflections by the current and former staff who helped shape it. May received her BA in Psychology and the History of Art and Architecture from the University of California, Santa Barbara and her MA in the History of Art and Architecture from Syracuse University. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Sensory Friendly Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition  time: August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Skip to get tickets Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Fri, Aug 29 - Sun, Jan 25, 2026 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Apply Now In honor of the 45th anniversary of Pittsburgh’s Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) school, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is thrilled to present an exhibition that celebrates the incredible talents of CAPA alumni and faculty. Known for fostering creativity, innovation, and excellence, CAPA has shaped the artistic landscape of Pittsburgh for nearly half a century, inspiring countless young artists to pursue their passions and refine their crafts. This exhibition features a vibrant collection of works by CAPA alumni and faculty, celebrating the breadth and depth of artistic talent that has emerged from this renowned institution. Guest curators Miller Schulman and Shannon Pultz—all alumni—will carefully select pieces that showcase the unique creative perspectives fostered within CAPA’s rich artistic community. Alumni and faculty are invited to submit their work through the submission portal January 6 - May 1, 2025. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is honored to partner with CAPA for this milestone exhibition, celebrating a legacy of artistic achievement and dedication that continues to enrich the cultural fabric of our city. Join us for this special exhibition as we look back on 45 years of creative excellence and look ahead to CAPA’s future impact on the arts in Pittsburgh. Photos 2025 Jurors Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair This modal contains biographic information about Shannon Pultz Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair Shannon Pultz (b. 1971) lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her BFA from The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Art and Science, her master’s in education from Carlow University, and a post-master's degree from Point Park University in K-12 Principalship. She is a founding member of the acclaimed art collective ART CLUB 2000 , formed in 1992 in collaboration with Colin de Land and American Fine Arts, Co. (NYC), and a former editor and critic for Flash Art International in Milan, Italy. She currently chairs the Visual Art Department at Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12, is an active member of ART CLUB 2000 , and consults on arts education, exhibitions, and interdisciplinary projects. She graduated from Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts in 1989. Recent solo exhibitions include ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Kunsthalle Zurich (2022) and at the Flashlight Factory in Pittsburgh, PA (2022); and ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Artists Space, NYC (2020). Group exhibitions include E IL TOPO: History of an Artists’ Magazine at Madre Museum, Naples, Italy (2023); Alex Bag, Art Club 2000, Daniela Rossell & Larry Johnson at Gaga, Los Angeles (2022); The Conditions of Being Art: Pat Hearn Gallery and American Fine Arts, Co. (1983-2004) at the Hessel Museum of Art (2018); and NYC 1993: Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star at the New Museum, NYC (2013). Close This Modal Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher This modal contains biographic information about Miller Schulman Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher Miller Schulman is a writer, curator, and researcher, and is currently a PhD student at the CUNY Graduate Center in New York. His academic and curatorial interests include modern and contemporary art, architecture, sexuality, and gender. He holds a Master of Philosophy in the history of art and architecture from the University of Cambridge, and a bachelor’s degree in history from Tufts University. He graduated from Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12 in 2013. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition  time: February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Skip to get tickets The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Sat, Feb 15 - Sun, Apr 27, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and Carnegie Mellon University are pleased to present an exhibition featuring the work of first- and second-year MFA students from Carnegie Mellon's School of Art. This exhibition highlights a dynamic range of contemporary art practices from emerging artists experimenting across media, concepts, and themes. This exhibition offers a unique opportunity to engage with the next generation of influential artists as they expand their creative practices within Pittsburgh's vibrant cultural landscape. Following obsessions and trains of thought, The End That Never Was brings together eight artists from Carnegie Mellon University’s Master of Fine Arts program. This collection of new works addresses contemporary notions of memory, orientation, and play. Informed by their varied studio practices which utilize film, sound, virtual space, and tactile media, this exhibition parses iterative and generative attempts at answering sometimes unanswerable questions. Broadly, the works explore fan culture, language acquisition, memory, affect, disembodiment, as well as the occupation of the peripheral. Artists: Naomi Chambers (MFA ‘26) Anne Chen (MFA ‘27) Aleena Akbar Khan (MFA ‘27) Logan Larsen (MFA ‘27) Bulumko Mbete (MFA ‘26) Afrooz Partovi (MFA ‘26) Ashley A. Ross (MFA ‘27) Morgan Thomas Shankweiler (MFA ‘27) The End That Never Was is presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust in collaboration with Carnegie Mellon University. Special thanks to MFA Director Katherine Hubbard, Assistant Director Wendy Willis, Head of the School of Art Charlie White, and the College of Fine Arts at Carnegie Mellon University. Additional thanks to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust team: Davine Byon, George Dun, Kennedy Deen, Jacquet Kehm, Josh Rievel, and Chris Korch. Photo: Courtesy the artists and Carnegie Mellon University School of Art. Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Melike Konur: Women I've Been  time: March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025  venue: 820 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Melike Konur: Women I've Been Pittsburgh 820 Gallery March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Melike Konur: Women I've Been Skip to get tickets Melike Konur: Women I've Been Sun, Mar  9 - Sun, Jul 20, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 820 Gallery Ticket Prices Free Visual Arts Join us for an opening reception on Sunday, March 9 from 1-4pm. “Women I've Been", a solo exhibition by artist Melike Konur curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss, explores the unique intersections that have shaped Konur's identity, as she unveils her myriad roles - woman, mother, singer, dancer, and ritual maker - in this immersive showcase. The gallery at 820 Liberty Avenue has been transformed into a sacred ceremonial realm, adorned with an ancestral shrine featuring a soundscape, luxurious fabrics and vessels brimming with water. A poetic metaphor for the cyclical, ever-evolving nature of womanhood, this sculptural centerpiece symbolizes the fluid, interconnected nature of women's lives, each vessel pouring into the next in an endless flow. "Women I've Been" becomes a mirror for the exploration of identity. Konur's multi-faceted personas collide and converge, challenging viewers to recognize their own processes of becoming. This exhibition asserts that true power resides in compassion, nurturing, and connection - all integral to the radical act of self-actualization. Through this evocative presentation, the exhibition becomes a container for alchemy charged by honoring renewal and remembrance. Konur invites us to honor our ancestors while boldly birthing new representations of self. "Women I've Been" celebrates the fluidity and power of identity, reminding us that the practice of being is ongoing. Melike Konur: Women I’ve Been is guest curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Melike Konur recognizes that we are situated on the ancestral lands of the Osage Nation and the Shawnee people (Shawandasse Tula/Shawanwaki). This work is moved to honor their history as the original stewards of this land and acknowledge their continued presence, sovereignty, and contributions.This acknowledgement recognizes the traditions, histories, and experiences of erasure endured by these nations, whose knowledge has profoundly shaped the world we inhabit today. Speaking and hearing words of reverence is a vital step in fostering collaborative, accountable, and respectful relationships with Indigenous nations and communities—relationships grounded in continuity, mutual respect, and shared responsibility. Image: Melike Konur, Ethereal from Reflection | Nexus, 2025. Courtesy the artist. Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. Related Exhibition Opening Join us on Sun, Mar 9, 1-4pm to celebrate the exhibition’s opening at 820 Gallery with artist Melike Konur and guest curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss. The opening reception will feature music by DJ SMI. 820 Gallery 820 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
