title: Joshua Jay in Making Magic  time: Wed, May  7 - Sun, Jun  1, 2025  venue: Liberty Magic  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Joshua Jay brings new and favorite pieces of close-up magic to Pittsburgh for his Liberty Magic debut. Joshua will dazzle with his original blend of sleight-of-hand and storytelling. His show uses objects borrowed from the audience in unusual ways. You will see shadowgraphy, comedy, magic, and an attempt at tying his Guinness World Record for card tricks.  Joshua Jay has performed his original brand of magic in more than 100 countries. He has fooled Penn & Teller on their hit show, Fool Us. He has performed on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and The Late Show with James Corden. He is the author of How Magicians Think, and recently performed a show for the FBI in Washington DC. He has designed original illusions for the hit show Game of Thrones and consulted for the US Postal Service on their stamp series, "Magic." He was awarded "Magician of the Year" in 2020 by The Society of American Magicians.
title: Malandain Ballet Biarritz  time: Wed, May  7, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Dance Council  detail: Les Saisons (Four Seasons)  Country of Origin: France  Created in 1998, the Centre Chorégraphique National/Malandain Ballet Biarritz has become one of the most important companies of the French choreographic landscape. Composed of 22 permanent dancers, and led by Thierry Malandain, the company is known for their power, virtuosity, humanity, and sensuality. Through Malandain’s over 85 creations he uses his movement vocabulary to create harmony between modern and classical techniques.  In Malandain’s latest work he combines Vivaldi’s Four Seasons and The Four Seasons composed by Giovanni Antonio Guido in a bold and innovative program.  Contains partial nudity.
title: Trevor Wallace: The Alpha Beta Male  time: Fri, May  9, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Live Nation  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 6 per customer  Trevor Wallace is a stand-up comedian, writer & actor. Wallace can be seen just about everywhere on the internet and has collectively built a digital thumbprint of over 2.5 Billion views across his social media channels with a following of over 16 Million fans collectively. Wallace has been featured on Comedy Central, MTV, Barstool Sports, E! News, The L.A. Times, The New York Times, Ad Age, Business Insider, Men’s Health, Buzzfeed, and Complex to name a few. Wallace was also voted as a finalist for “Best in Comedy” at the 2020 Shorty Awards.  Wallace has worked with prestigious brands such as, Chipotle, Natural Light, BruMate, SeatGeek, G FUEL, OnePlus, Bumble, Wetzel’s Pretzels, Snickers, Monster Energy & many more. Wallace has also toured the U.S. performing at theaters, colleges and comedy clubs including the Netflix Is A Joke Festival, Moontower Comedy Festival and the New York Comedy Festival. This past year Trevor wrapped up his SOLD OUT Theater tour ‘Are you That Guy’ which was an international success. His first hour long special Pterodactyl, is now streaming on Prime Video.
title: Trevor Wallace Post Show Meet & Greet Add-on  time: Fri, May  9, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Live Nation  detail: Gain exclusive access to the post-show Meet & Greet and Photo Opportunity with Trevor Wallace.  EACH ATTENDEE must hold a valid show ticket, in any price category, to Trevor Wallace: The Alpha Beta Male AND pre-purchase this VIP Meet & Greet Add-On ticket to attend.
title: ARTEMIS  time: Sat, May 10, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Founded by pianist and composer Renee Rosnes, ARTEMIS is a powerful ensemble of instrumental virtuosos. Along with Rosnes, the quintet consists of trumpeter Ingrid Jensen, saxophonist Nicole Glover, bassist Noriko Ueda and drummer Allison Miller.  After experiencing an ARTEMIS live show at the 2018 Newport Jazz Festival, Blue Note Records President, Don Was, signed the band to the label. Their third recording “Arboresque” will be released February 28, 2025. The album is testament to the group’s evolving musical landscape featuring stellar arrangements and riveting originals contributed by all members of the band.  Performances across North America and Europe at major venues and festivals have garnered high praise from audiences and critics alike. NPR hailed the band as “a killer line-up of players, composers and performers…who converge on an extremely cosmopolitan, sleek, rhythm-forward, modern sound.” It is no wonder that ARTEMIS has been awarded #1 Group of the Year in the Annual Downbeat Readers Poll in both 2023 and 2024.
title: Herb Alpert & The Tijuana Brass & Other Delights  time: Mon, May 12, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Martin Media Presents  detail: This show will be an evening with, Herb Alpert and his brand new Tijuana Brass. Herb along with his 6 great musicians will be playing all of your favorite TJB hit songs just as you remember hearing them while growing up.  2025 will mark the 60th anniversary of the iconic album, “Whipped Cream & Other Delights”. Herb and the band will be performing many of those great songs in addition to many other hit songs that we all know; “The Lonely Bull”, “Spanish Flea”, “Taste of Honey”, “Mexican Shuffle”, “Tijuana Taxi”, “This Guy’s In Love With You”, “What Now My Love”, “Zorba the Greek”, “Ladyfingers”, “Rise” and many other delights.  The show runs 90 minutes and is informal as Herb loves to answer questions from the audience about his career, A&M Records and the many iconic artists like Sergio Mendes & Brasil 66, The Carpenters and Burt Bacharach that he has worked with over the past 63 years. The show features a giant video screen that displays hundreds of classic photos, videos, art and various memorabilia from Herb’s music career. A really exciting show and truly a Once in a Lifetime Concert Event!
title: 360 ALLSTARS  time: Wed, May 14, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby Children's Theater Series  detail: BMX, basketball, breakdancing, acrobatics, drumming and more, the international smash hit returns!  A phenomenal physical performance exploring all forms of rotation, 360 ALLSTARS connects the street with the elite to deliver a supercharged urban circus. Boasting a stellar cast of World Champion and World Record holding artists and athletes, 360 ALLSTARS is a spectacular fusion of the extraordinary artistry that emerges from street culture.  Add to this a stunning live soundtrack delivered by award winning musicians, coupled with spectacular video projections, 360 ALLSTARS is as aurally exciting as it is visually astounding.  A magnificent, colourful and astonishing expression of a generation that has reinvented the circus, 360 ALLSTARS is a revolutionary production that will leave you dizzy with excitement!  Don't miss this chance to catch 360 ALLSTARS at the Byham Theater as part of their 10 year anniversary World Tour.  Preshow fun! Get your little ones moving and grooving with an energetic, family friendly dance party with a live DJ! Begins one hour before the performance in the Byham Lobby. Sponsored by The Grable Foundation.
title: 123 Andrés  time: Sat, May 17, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby Children's Theater Series  detail: Christina and Andrés are 123 Andrés, the GRAMMY and Latin Grammy-winning duo for kids and families known for their interactive, high-energy shows. They bring fresh original songs that blend Spanish and English, with an eclectic mix of sounds from all corners of Latin America. 123 Andrés pack their show with positive vibes and energetic songs that get the whole family dancing and learning.  Preshow fun! Children attending this performance are invited to participate in an arts/craft activity before the show. Created by Trust teaching artists, the activity is age appropriate for the show, and is intended to teach, engage, and entertain young theater goers. Families also receive a book or other giveaway, while supplies last. Activities take place in the Byham lobby, beginning one hour before the start of the show. Sponsored by PNC Grow Up Great and The Grable Foundation.
title: The Lord of the Rings & The Hobbit In Concert  time: Sun, May 25, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Star Entertainment  detail: Experience the unique musical world of J.R.R. Tolkien in a magnificent concert featuring the voice of the legendary Saruman actor Sir Christopher Lee, along with the orchestra and choir of the Shire. From the ominous sounds of Mordor and the shrill attack of the Black Riders to the beautiful, lyrical melodies of the Elves! A special guest from the films will present the best music from The Lord of the Rings, The Hobbit & The Rings of Power - The Concert.
title: The Magical Music of Harry Potter Live In Concert  time: Sun, May 25, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Star Entertainment  detail: Step into the magical world of Harry Potter with live music from the films, performed by The Magical Film Orchestra & Choir! Featuring unforgettable scores by John Williams, Patrick Doyle, and more, plus a special guest from the films sharing fun behind-the-scenes stories. Experience stunning light effects, lasers, and magical surprises throughout the night.
title: CANCELLED - The Music of Avatar: The Last Airbender in Concert  time: Sun, May 25, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Star Entertainment  detail: Updated Feb 24, 2025 - Due to unforeseen circumstances, The Music of Avatar: The Last Airbender In Concert has been cancelled. Ticket buyers are being contacted with ticket options via phone. Contact Guest Services at 412-456-6666 with questions.
title: Trisha Paytas: The Eras of Trish Tour  time: Thu, Jun  5, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Outback Presents  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 4 per customer  Trisha Paytas is an American personality, entrepreneur and author that has amassed an audience of more than 20 million followers across platforms since the mid-2000s. She has helped shape the creator landscape, being one of the first to bubble off of YouTube. Embracing monumental life milestones including sobriety, marriage, and motherhood, she has cultivated a newfound sense of purpose and garnered a cult-like following of adoring fans over two billion views in just the last 12 months.  From lifestyle vlogs and ASMR content to cosplay videos, Trisha has consistently demonstrated her versatility and creativity across all forms of media. Beyond her digital presence, she has expanded her reach by guest starring on more than 50 television shows and films, including THE TONIGHT SHOW, AMERICA'S GOT TALENT, MODERN FAMILY, and CELEBRITY BIG BROTHER. She also created the podcast JustTrish, which has amassed more than 50 million streams in its first eight months.  Celebrated for her distinctively offbeat sense of humor and unapologetic nature, Trisha has navigated through a number of adversities in her career to emerge as a beacon of resilience and inspiration, working with brands including Elf Cosmetics, Living Proof, Liquid Death, and SeatGeek, among many others. She can most recently be seen in the pages of Rolling Stone, and has been continuously covered by outlets, such as Entertainment Tonight, People Magazine, E! Online, Paper Magazine, and Business Insider.
title: A Sudden Gust of Wind  time: April 26, 2024 - March 31, 2025  venue: N/A  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: A Sudden Gust of Wind Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order A Sudden Gust of Wind A Sudden Gust of Wind Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis April 26, 2024-March 31, 2025 A Sudden Gust of Wind is a newly commissioned public art project by the interdisciplinary Pittsburgh-based and internationally-renowned artists Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis. This outdoor large-scale public artwork consists of a sequence of 200 sculptures installed within the branches of over 80 existing trees throughout the Cultural District. As visitors to downtown Pittsburgh walk through the Cultural District they encounter a number of multi-colored kites which appear to be crashed and trapped in trees. Their forms are crumpled, and their fabric tails are animated by the weather, tangling over time within the branches. These art works, discovered rather than pointed out, invite an audience to consider themselves carefully attuned to the material remains of life’s idiosyncrasies. The kites read as a colorful aftermath of an implied celebratory event. A kite festival gone wrong. A sudden gust of wind that broke the string tethering the kite to its owner. With irreverence and humor, Clayton and Lewis explore the interconnectivity and tension within the human-nature relationship. The colorful, tragi-comic kite sculptures that comprise this large-scale public artwork express the amusement and creativity that kites symbolize as well as the sense of disappointment when they cease to function. A Sudden Gust of Wind by Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis is commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Anastasia James, Director of Galleries & Public Art. This project would not be possible without the efforts of George Dun, Manager of Gallery Facilities & Public Art and art handlers Kennedy Deen, Chris Korch, Josh Rievel, and Jacquet Kehm with assistance by Davine Byon, Curatorial Assistant. Public Programs Multiple public programs will be presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust during the exhibition’s run. Initial events include: Grand Opening | Friday, April 26, 2024 in conjunction with Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District Community Flying Days | Sunday, June 9, 2024 , in conjunction with the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival . Free kites will be provided! Guests attending The Kite Runner on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh season, May 7-12, may also sense a poignant connection between the simultaneous Cultural District presentations. About the artists: Lenka Clayton is an interdisciplinary artist whose work exaggerates, and alters the accepted rules of everyday life, extending the familiar into the realms of the poetic and absurd. Recent exhibitions include Rising Sun (2023) at Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Day Jobs (2023) at the Blanton Museum of Art, T o Begin Again (2022) at ICA Boston, The Carnegie International 57th Ed. (2018), Object Temporarily Removed (2017) at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in Philadelphia, Apollo’s Muse (2019) at The Metropolitan Museum of Art NY and The Grand Illusion , at the Lyon Biennial, France (2020). In 2017 the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum commissioned a major new work by Clayton and collaborator Jon Rubin, entitled A talking parrot, a high school drama class, a Punjabi TV show, the oldest song in the world, a museum artwork, and a congregation’s call to action circle through New York . With the participation of six diverse venues around New York City, the artists arranged for an essential element from each site—referenced in the project’s title—to circulate from one place to the next, creating a six-month network of social and material exchange. Clayton’s work has been supported by The Warhol Foundation and The National Endowment for the Arts. She has received an Art Matters Award, a Carol R. Brown Award for Creative Achievement, and a Creative Development Grant from Heinz/Pittsburgh Foundation. She has been artist-in-residence at The Fabric Workshop and Museum, PA and Headlands Center for the Arts, CA and was a Sabrina Merage Fellow with Black Cube Nomadic Art Museum. Clayton’s work is held in the permanent collections of The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, SFMoMA in California, Hamburger Kunsthalle in Germany, Mount Holyoke College Art Museum in Massachusetts, The Carnegie Museum of Art, The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art and The Philadelphia Museum of Art in Pennsylvania. Permanent public artworks include Darkhouse Lighthouse, and Historic Site, both made with collaborator Phillip Andrew Lewis. Phillip Andrew Lewis (b.1973, lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media including photography, video objects, and sound. His creative research often responds to historical events, psychology, and phenomenology. This work consistently examines duration, perceptual limits and attentive observation. Lewis is actively involved in collaboration with artists and various groups. Phillip has exhibited his work both nationally and internationally. He received a 2012 Creative Capital Grant in Visual Art for his ongoing long-term project entitled SYNONYM . He has also received generous support for his research from Black Cube, Headlands Center for the Arts, Culture and Animals Foundation, Center for Creative Photography, Foundation for Contemporary Art in New York, Fathomers, Bemis Center for Contemporary Art, Midway Contemporary Arts Fund, Tennessee Arts Commission, University of Tennessee, Urban Arts Commission, The Heinz Endowments, The Pittsburgh Foundation, and Sabrina Merage Foundation.  He is a tenured full professor at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. In collaboration with his wife, Lenka Clayton, he runs a project space in Pittsburgh called Gallery Closed which is open 24/7 via two street facing windows. Visual Arts Wood Street Galleries Wood Street Galleries Archive SPACE Gallery SPACE Gallery Archive 707 Penn Gallery 707 Penn Gallery Archive 820 Liberty Gallery 820 Liberty Gallery Archive Public Art A Sudden Gust of Wind 168 Lightbulbs 9th & Penn Parklet Agnes R. Katz Plaza Allegheny Riverfront Park Bike Racks Cell Phone Disco Flow Haas Mural Magnolias for Pittsburgh Tito Way Billboards Water Cube Temporary Installations Thaddeus Mosley Upcoming Events Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur  time: February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025  venue: Wood Street Galleries  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Pittsburgh Wood Street Galleries February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Skip to get tickets Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Wood Street Galleries Ticket Prices Free Film Free In Monument Eternal , Le’Andra LeSeur dissects the ways that monuments erected to commemorate racist legacies have altered the mental psyche of Black communities. The artist contemplates how this alteration manifests in the physical body, especially when presented with, and situated in, the sonic rhythms that reverberate across these sites of violence. Comprising a new series of work co-commissioned with the Pioneer Works, Brooklyn the exhibition marks LeSeur’s first institutional solo presentation. Monument Eternal centers on a titular video inspired by Stone Mountain in Georgia—a public park distinguished by a three-acre-wide carving that depicts Confederate leaders on horseback, begun in 1923 and completed in 1972. In spite of this, it remains the state’s most popular attraction, frequented by local residents and tourists alike for its recreational offerings. LeSeur spent the majority of her adolescence in Atlanta and recalls many family gatherings at Stone Mountain. She began researching the site’s history after revisiting it as an adult in 2017. Two years later, she started to consider its corporeal impact, which eventually gave way to this series. A poetic translation of the body in collapse, the video stitches together slow-motion captures of the artist falling, unabated and repeatedly, on the mountain’s peak. The work borrows its title from an abridged autobiography written by Alice Coltrane, in which the avant-garde composer recounts her journey through physical and mental tests continuously self-imposed in the pursuit of spiritual transcendence. Similarly, LeSeur pushes her body to extreme physical limits within her own performance practice as a way of confronting, and subsequently transcending, both historical legacies of Blackness as well as her own personal identity as a queer Black person. This process of perseverance and self-discovery is captured within the spoken word poetry written and narrated by LeSeur, which provides the basis for the film’s score. In the artist’s own words: “My work aims for a more intentional and sensitive connection to, participation with, and activation of, sites of violence, sparking continuous dialogue around the impact these sites have had on Black communities. This work is communal, historical, social, political, and environmental. It is, for me, health care. At the core of this project, I introduce new forms of healing and reconciliation within the midst of trauma and violence, through repeated gestures and the transformation of sound into a physical presence. My practice continuously considers ways in which art can transform violence into something beyond. Monument Eternal transforms memories of violence, remnants of violence, and even physical embodiments of violence into transcendences.” Accompanying this video will be other works created through remembrance of LeSeur’s recent encounters with Stone Mountain, including a painting completed during her 2023 residency at Pioneer Works. While visiting the monument, the artist observed her bodily reactions—for instance, a nervous flick of her hand—and took note of the way that she breathed as she walked around the site. These movements are translated into mark-marking gestures on paintings and drawings, as well as a rhythmic baseline for how she blew into glass during the creation of new sculptural works. In doing so, natural responses, otherwise imperceptible to others, become tangible records that surpass the limits of time and place. While visiting Pittsburgh in preparation for her exhibition at Wood Street Galleries, LeSeur became intrigued by the missing archives of the Pittsburgh Courier (1913–1922), the city’s oldest Black newspaper. Rather than searching for their location, she reflects on the impact of such a loss—a profound cultural erasure within a prominent Black community, a gap she argues is deeply debilitating. In response to this exploration and reflection, LeSeur created a new work titled Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist , referencing both Henry Miller’s Black Spring (1936) and the Algerian Black Spring of 2001. The resulting multi-channel video and sound work combines original and sourced 8mm film and video. Centering on a rare recording of Phyllis Hyman performing “Gonna Make Changes” at the Kennedy Center, the piece confronts viewers with a larger question: Can mere survival counteract erasure, or does it merely deplete us? The installation of Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist will premier at Wood Street Galleries on February 1st as an addendum to Monument Eternal . About the Artist Le’Andra LeSeur (b. 1989 in Bronx, NY) is a multidisciplinary artist whose work encompasses a range of media including video, installation, photography, painting, and performance. Her body of work, a celebration of Blackness, queerness, and femininity, seeks to dismantle systems of power and achieve transcendence and liberation through perseverance. Through the insertion of her body and voice into her work, LeSeur provides her audience with an opportunity to contemplate themes such as identity, family, Black grief and joy, the experience of invisibility, and what it means to take up space as a queer Black woman—a rejection of the stereotypes which attempt to push these identities to the margins. The artist has received several notable awards including the Tulsa Artist Fellowship (2024), Leslie-Lohman Museum Artists Fellowship (2019), the Time-Based Medium Prize as well as the Juried Grand Prize at Artprize 10 (2018). LeSeur has appeared in conversation with Marilyn Minter at the Brooklyn Museum, presented by the Tory Burch Foundation, and has lectured at The New School, NY, NY and the University of the Arts, Philadelphia, PA, among others. Her work has been shown in solo and group exhibitions at MFA Boston, Boston, MA; Swivel Gallery, NY, NY; The Shed, New York, NY; Marlborough, New York, NY; Atlanta Contemporary, Atlanta, GA; A.I.R. Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Assembly Room, New York, NY; Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Arnika Dawkins, Atlanta, GA; and others. Residencies include Pioneer Works, iLab at The University of the Arts, Visual Studies Workshop, ArcAthens, NARS Foundation, Marble House Project, and MASS MoCA. Monument eternal will be on view at Pioneer Works, New York from September 6 –December 16the prior to travelling to Wood Street Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Le’Andra LeSeur: Monument Eternal is co-commissioned by Pioneer Works and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Vivian Chui. The exhibition is made possible, in part, by the Tulsa Artist Fellowship and public funds from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in Partnership with the City Council, as well as the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature. Regular Hours Wednesday - Sunday 11 am - 5 pm | Closed 1 - 1:30 pm Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood Street Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-6666 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone  time: September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025  venue: 707 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Pittsburgh 707 Gallery September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Skip to get tickets Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Mar  9, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 707 Gallery Free For nearly four decades, Kim Bond (b. 1963, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) has explored the intersections of paranormal phenomena and the pursuit of a kinder, more inclusive world through her multidisciplinary practice encompassing drawings, paintings, sculptures, and writings. Bond's oeuvre is characterized by the integration of extraterrestrial imagery, including aliens, spacecraft, and Sasquatch, into natural environments such as the Colorado Mountains, Niagara Falls, Lake Erie, and Mt. St. Helena. These entities, with whom Bond professes communication, are depicted in tranquil landscapes, symbolizing hope and moral integrity. Another series depicts “The Rainbow Club,” Bond's vision for a utopian social venue that welcomes all beings, transcending barriers of gender, ability, age, and even species. In a fragmented society, Bond's work envisions a harmonious realm where diversity is not only accepted but celebrated. Bond initially honed her artistic skills and developed her unique aesthetic language through exposure to The Joy of Painting, a groundbreaking instructional television program created by Bob Ross that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS. The Joy of Painting democratized access to arts education, including individuals with disabilities. Airing on public television, the show allowed people to learn how to paint from their homes, eliminating both cost barriers and the need for physical attendance in classes. Ross’ simple, encouraging instruction and adaptive tools and techniques made painting approachable for everyone, regardless of skill level or physical ability. The flexible viewing format and his philosophy of “no mistakes, only happy accidents” further promoted creativity and individual expression, breaking down barriers and highlighting the inclusive power of art. Since 2018, Bond has been a resident artist at VaultArt Studio, a progressive arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art by providing professional-level arts instruction in a supportive studio environment. Bond’s affiliation with VaultArt Studio has allowed her to further develop and professionalize her artistic practice, engage with a diverse community of artists, and continue to advocate for inclusivity through her work. Her contributions to the studio and the broader community exemplify her commitment to creating a world where differences are embraced and celebrated. Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone is curated by Steph Neary & Anastasia James and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. This exhibition is part of a series of exhibitions in collaboration with VaultArt Studio that promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art. Image: Kim Bond, Rainbow Sasquatch, 2024, acrylic on paper. Courtesy the artist and VaultArt Studios. Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666 . 707 Gallery 707 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025  time: May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Skip to get tickets Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Fri, May 16 - Sun, Aug  3, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Celebrated as one of the region’s longest-running, juried exhibitions, the 2025 edition of the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival’s annual Juried Visual Art Exhibition celebrates the rich history, vibrant culture, and scenic beauty of the Pittsburgh region. This open call invites artists within a 150-mile radius of downtown Pittsburgh to submit works that reflect the spirit, resilience, and diversity of this area—whether through landscapes, portraits, urban scenes, or abstract interpretations. From the lush riverbanks and iconic bridges to the industrial past and dynamic communities, this exhibition will showcase the essence of Pittsburgh and its surroundings as seen through the eyes of local artists. Each year, the exhibition highlights the exceptional talent and perspectives of artists in our region. Esteemed jurors select a range of works from hundreds of submissions, with five individual prizes awarded: 1 Best in Show (selected by all jurors) $2500 cash prize 3 Juror’s Pick $1000 cash prize 1 People’s Choice $1000 cash prize Submissions Accepted: December 16th, 2024 - February 27th, 2025 Photos 2025 Jurors Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss (b. 1987 in Anaheim, CA) is an artist who supports other artists through her curatorial work, consultancy and custodianship. Jessica received a bachelors in Fine Art from Carnegie Mellon University in 2009; a masters in Arts Administration, Policy and Management from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2015; and she graduated from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 2018. Jessica has collaborated with notable artists, contributing to social practice, public art and community engaged projects like Mel Chin's Fundred Dollar Bill Project, Theaster Gates' Rebuild Foundation, and Alisha B Wormsley's Sibyls Shrine, where she currently serves as the collective's managing director and curator. Her work and projects have been featured in Architectural Digest, The Root, Black Art in America, and Bloomberg News. Jessica has been acclaimed as a 'Leading Voice in Public Art,' honored as a 'Woman of Achievement,' and recognized among 'Women to Watch.' She has been awarded the prestigious 40 Under 40 award in multiple US cities, recognizing her dedication towards advancing equity within the arts beyond borders. Her impactful works and contributions have been acknowledged with grant awards and honors from distinguished funders including The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, The Black Art Futures Fund and The Ford Foundation. Close This Modal Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography Helen Trompeteler is a curator and writer deeply committed to supporting underrepresented visual artists. As Deputy Director and Director of Programs at Silver Eye Center for Photography, she brings over twenty years of curatorial expertise following roles at the Royal Collection Trust (UK), the National Portrait Gallery (UK), and as an independent curator. A passionate advocate for artists and audiences, her writing has been published worldwide. Close This Modal Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art Akemi May is the Associate Curator of Works on Paper at Carnegie Museum of Art where she is responsible for the care of the museum’s collection of over 11,600 drawings, watercolors, prints, and collages. Since joining the museum in 2009, May has collaborated on major collection reinstallations and organized numerous exhibitions including, Japan is the Key: Collecting Prints and Ivories, 1900-1920, Hiroshige's Tōkaidō Road, Monet and the Modern City, and A Delight for the Senses, The Still Life. Her most recent exhibition, Imprinting in Their Time: Japanese Printmakers, 1912-2022 drew from the museum’s extensive collection of modern and contemporary Japanese prints and featured special loans from local collectors. May is interested in the history of collecting and the life stories of objects. She was a contributor to Art Tracks , a pioneering data visualization initiative for provenance research and oversaw the publication of the museum’s recent Collection Handbook . Published in honor of the 125th anniversary of Carnegie Museum of Art, the handbook documents the transformation of the collection through personal reflections by the current and former staff who helped shape it. May received her BA in Psychology and the History of Art and Architecture from the University of California, Santa Barbara and her MA in the History of Art and Architecture from Syracuse University. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Sensory Friendly Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition  time: August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Skip to get tickets Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Fri, Aug 29 - Sun, Jan 25, 2026 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Apply Now In honor of the 45th anniversary of Pittsburgh’s Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) school, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is thrilled to present an exhibition that celebrates the incredible talents of CAPA alumni and faculty. Known for fostering creativity, innovation, and excellence, CAPA has shaped the artistic landscape of Pittsburgh for nearly half a century, inspiring countless young artists to pursue their passions and refine their crafts. This exhibition features a vibrant collection of works by CAPA alumni and faculty, celebrating the breadth and depth of artistic talent that has emerged from this renowned institution. Guest curators Miller Schulman and Shannon Pultz—all alumni—will carefully select pieces that showcase the unique creative perspectives fostered within CAPA’s rich artistic community. Alumni and faculty are invited to submit their work through the submission portal January 6 - May 1, 2025. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is honored to partner with CAPA for this milestone exhibition, celebrating a legacy of artistic achievement and dedication that continues to enrich the cultural fabric of our city. Join us for this special exhibition as we look back on 45 years of creative excellence and look ahead to CAPA’s future impact on the arts in Pittsburgh. Photos 2025 Jurors Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair This modal contains biographic information about Shannon Pultz Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair Shannon Pultz (b. 1971) lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her BFA from The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Art and Science, her master’s in education from Carlow University, and a post-master's degree from Point Park University in K-12 Principalship. She is a founding member of the acclaimed art collective ART CLUB 2000 , formed in 1992 in collaboration with Colin de Land and American Fine Arts, Co. (NYC), and a former editor and critic for Flash Art International in Milan, Italy. She currently chairs the Visual Art Department at Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12, is an active member of ART CLUB 2000 , and consults on arts education, exhibitions, and interdisciplinary projects. She graduated from Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts in 1989. Recent solo exhibitions include ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Kunsthalle Zurich (2022) and at the Flashlight Factory in Pittsburgh, PA (2022); and ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Artists Space, NYC (2020). Group exhibitions include E IL TOPO: History of an Artists’ Magazine at Madre Museum, Naples, Italy (2023); Alex Bag, Art Club 2000, Daniela Rossell & Larry Johnson at Gaga, Los Angeles (2022); The Conditions of Being Art: Pat Hearn Gallery and American Fine Arts, Co. (1983-2004) at the Hessel Museum of Art (2018); and NYC 1993: Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star at the New Museum, NYC (2013). Close This Modal Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher This modal contains biographic information about Miller Schulman Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher Miller Schulman is a writer, curator, and researcher, and is currently a PhD student at the CUNY Graduate Center in New York. His academic and curatorial interests include modern and contemporary art, architecture, sexuality, and gender. He holds a Master of Philosophy in the history of art and architecture from the University of Cambridge, and a bachelor’s degree in history from Tufts University. He graduated from Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12 in 2013. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition  time: February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Skip to get tickets The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Sat, Feb 15 - Sun, Apr 27, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and Carnegie Mellon University are pleased to present an exhibition featuring the work of first- and second-year MFA students from Carnegie Mellon's School of Art. This exhibition highlights a dynamic range of contemporary art practices from emerging artists experimenting across media, concepts, and themes. This exhibition offers a unique opportunity to engage with the next generation of influential artists as they expand their creative practices within Pittsburgh's vibrant cultural landscape. Following obsessions and trains of thought, The End That Never Was brings together eight artists from Carnegie Mellon University’s Master of Fine Arts program. This collection of new works addresses contemporary notions of memory, orientation, and play. Informed by their varied studio practices which utilize film, sound, virtual space, and tactile media, this exhibition parses iterative and generative attempts at answering sometimes unanswerable questions. Broadly, the works explore fan culture, language acquisition, memory, affect, disembodiment, as well as the occupation of the peripheral. Artists: Naomi Chambers (MFA ‘26) Anne Chen (MFA ‘27) Aleena Akbar Khan (MFA ‘27) Logan Larsen (MFA ‘27) Bulumko Mbete (MFA ‘26) Afrooz Partovi (MFA ‘26) Ashley A. Ross (MFA ‘27) Morgan Thomas Shankweiler (MFA ‘27) The End That Never Was is presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust in collaboration with Carnegie Mellon University. Special thanks to MFA Director Katherine Hubbard, Assistant Director Wendy Willis, Head of the School of Art Charlie White, and the College of Fine Arts at Carnegie Mellon University. Additional thanks to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust team: Davine Byon, George Dun, Kennedy Deen, Jacquet Kehm, Josh Rievel, and Chris Korch. Photo: Courtesy the artists and Carnegie Mellon University School of Art. Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Melike Konur: Women I've Been  time: March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025  venue: 820 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Melike Konur: Women I've Been Pittsburgh 820 Gallery March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Melike Konur: Women I've Been Skip to get tickets Melike Konur: Women I've Been Sun, Mar  9 - Sun, Jul 20, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 820 Gallery Ticket Prices Free Visual Arts Join us for an opening reception on Sunday, March 9 from 1-4pm. “Women I've Been", a solo exhibition by artist Melike Konur curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss, explores the unique intersections that have shaped Konur's identity, as she unveils her myriad roles - woman, mother, singer, dancer, and ritual maker - in this immersive showcase. The gallery at 820 Liberty Avenue has been transformed into a sacred ceremonial realm, adorned with an ancestral shrine featuring a soundscape, luxurious fabrics and vessels brimming with water. A poetic metaphor for the cyclical, ever-evolving nature of womanhood, this sculptural centerpiece symbolizes the fluid, interconnected nature of women's lives, each vessel pouring into the next in an endless flow. "Women I've Been" becomes a mirror for the exploration of identity. Konur's multi-faceted personas collide and converge, challenging viewers to recognize their own processes of becoming. This exhibition asserts that true power resides in compassion, nurturing, and connection - all integral to the radical act of self-actualization. Through this evocative presentation, the exhibition becomes a container for alchemy charged by honoring renewal and remembrance. Konur invites us to honor our ancestors while boldly birthing new representations of self. "Women I've Been" celebrates the fluidity and power of identity, reminding us that the practice of being is ongoing. Melike Konur: Women I’ve Been is guest curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Melike Konur recognizes that we are situated on the ancestral lands of the Osage Nation and the Shawnee people (Shawandasse Tula/Shawanwaki). This work is moved to honor their history as the original stewards of this land and acknowledge their continued presence, sovereignty, and contributions.This acknowledgement recognizes the traditions, histories, and experiences of erasure endured by these nations, whose knowledge has profoundly shaped the world we inhabit today. Speaking and hearing words of reverence is a vital step in fostering collaborative, accountable, and respectful relationships with Indigenous nations and communities—relationships grounded in continuity, mutual respect, and shared responsibility. Image: Melike Konur, Ethereal from Reflection | Nexus, 2025. Courtesy the artist. Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. Related Exhibition Opening Join us on Sun, Mar 9, 1-4pm to celebrate the exhibition’s opening at 820 Gallery with artist Melike Konur and guest curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss. The opening reception will feature music by DJ SMI. 820 Gallery 820 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
