title: Alton Brown Live: Last Bite  time: Sun, Mar 16, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grisgby TRUST PRESENTS Series  detail: Alton Brown Live: Last Bite, the famed foodist reflects on his decades in food media, presents several of his favorite culinary mega-hacks, sings some of his funny food songs, and in general offers a culinary variety show the likes of which  human eyes have never seen.
title: Byham Theater Tour  time: Wed, Sep  4 - Mon, Apr 28, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Explore the rich history of the Byham Theater with a passionate Pittsburgh Cultural Trust guide.  On this one-hour tour, you will have the chance to step behind the scenes and into the historic 1,300-seat venue. From its stint as a vaudeville house and a movie theater to its tenure as a performing arts venue, the Byham Theater is filled with fascinating stories and unique features that you will have the opportunity to experience on a new level.
title: Jason Kush  time: Tue, Mar 18, 2025  venue: Lounge at the Greer Cabaret  organization: BNY presents JazzLive  detail: Jason Kush - Pittsburgh | Official Event Source | Lounge at the Greer Cabaret | Tue, Mar 18, 2025,  4:58pm | BNY presents JazzLive Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Jason Kush Skip to get tickets Jason Kush Tue, Mar 18, 2025,  4:58pm Register BNY presents JazzLive Lounge at the Greer Cabaret Ticket Prices No Cover Free Live Music Dr. Jason Kush is an acclaimed saxophonist, educator, and scholar. Kush has performed as a leader, soloist, and ensemble member in various musical settings in the United States, Europe, and Central and South America. A genre-crossing performer, Kush is a member of the Pittsburgh Jazz Orchestra and has performed thirteen seasons with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, including a European tour. As a freelance artist, Kush has appeared with the Woody Herman Orchestra, Smithsonian Jazz Masterworks Orchestra, New World Symphony, Russian National Orchestra, Maceo Parker, Arturo Sandoval, Eddie Daniels, Paquito D’Rivera, Benny Golson, Sean Jones, Christian McBride, Jeff “Tain” Watts, Freddie Cole, Andrea Bocelli, Hugh Jackman, and many others. Kush’s saxophone talents can be heard on albums by the South Florida Jazz Orchestra, the South Nine Ensemble, the Balcony Big Band, the Mike Tomaro Big Band, the Nathan Douds Ensemble, Madd for Tadd, and the Stephen Philip Harvey Jazz Orchestra. Kush’s most recent recording, Finally Friday, was released on MCG Jazz in February 2023. Kush’s other solo discography includes Intersecting Lines (New Focus Records/Naxos) and Sonate (Armazi Productions). Kush has published works as an author and academic in various periodicals and journals. He currently holds music professorships at Slippery Rock University and Carnegie Mellon University. Kush is endorsed by the Conn-Selmer and Selmer Paris companies. Presented in partnership with MCG Jazz. Run Time: 2 hours Accessibility: Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. Lounge at the Greer Cabaret 655 Penn Ave. Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-1392 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Spotlight on the ‘Burgh: Whose Trick is it Anyway?  time: Wed, Mar 19 - Sat, Mar 29, 2025  venue: Liberty Magic  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Presents  detail: Back by popular demand: the best of the ‘Burgh! An improvisational magic show like none other! That’s right, it’s Spotlight on the Burgh’s original feature, Whose Trick is it Anyway? Where everything is made up and the points don't matter. That's right, the points are like volume of Teller’s microphone.  Watch as the very best prestidigitators in Pittsburgh try their hand at improv comedy. No script, no problem. Off the cuff card tricks, spur of the moment mentalism, spontaneous sleights and no shortage of magical mayhem will make this an evening like none other!  Three rivers, 446 bridges and endless talent.
title: Shamrock Tenors  time: Thu, Mar 20, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby TRUST PRESENTS Series  detail: Greer Cabaret Theater Live Music  Concert Updated Feb 21, 2025: This event will now take place at the Greer Cabaret Theater. All previously purchased tickets are valid for the new venue.   The new hit PBS show, SHAMROCK TENORS, are Ireland’s most exciting new music sensation.  Described as “one of Northern Ireland’s greatest ever exports” and proudly supported by Tourism Ireland and Titanic Belfast, this groundbreaking group brings a fresh energy to Irish music, performing beloved classics like "Danny Boy," "Whiskey in the Jar," "The Parting Glass," and "Wild Rover" in stunning five-part harmony.   With a mix of cheeky Irish charm, stellar vocals from some of the country's most renowned stars, and electrifying multi-instrumental performances, audiences of all ages are invited to experience the Emerald Isle like never before.  "Even in a West End Theatre, they could make you feel like you were singing in a bar in Ireland" - Theatre and Tonic *****
title: On Becoming a Guinea Fowl  time: Fri, Mar 21 - Thu, Apr  3, 2025  venue: Harris Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Here lies Shula’s uncle Fred — dead in the middle of an empty road. It’s late, but Shula knows her family will expect her to wait with his body, no matter how much she might resent it. Bemba funerals are for the living, and the family will have questions. With the days-long ceremony beginning immediately, the blithe and unperturbed Shula — played by Susan Chardy in her debut film role — attempts to opt out of the haunted proceedings. But in this household, mourning is not optional. Tradition dictates that visitors will soon gather while relatives fill the family home with wails of grief. And what will they say about the dry-eyed and resolutely emotionless Shula?  Balancing domestic realism and expressionistic absurdity with precision and constant surprise, Rungano Nyoni, in the follow-up to her feature debut, I Am Not a Witch, commandingly delineates the contours of a community caught between tradition and modernity.  Directed by Rungano Nyoni  2024 | Zambia, United Kingdom, Ireland | Bemba and English language with English subtitles | DCP  Rated PG-13  Online sales end 15 minutes prior to showtime. Please visit the Harris Theater box office after this time to purchase tickets.  Concessions Concessions are available for all screenings and the Harris Theater is now BYOB. Guests who bring alcoholic beverages must be 21 years or older and provide valid photo ID upon request, a $5 charge will be issued per guest.
title: Jeremy Piven Live  time: Fri, Mar 21, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Outback Presents  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 8 per customer  A household name for his 2x Golden Globe and 3x Emmy Award-winning performance playing the fast-talking, acerbic Hollywood agent ‘Ari Gold’ in the HBO series Entourage, actor, comedian, and podcast host Jeremy Piven also achieved significant success playing the title role in the British/PBS television drama series Mr Selfridge , the semi-fictional story based on the life of Harry Selfridge, who founded the London department store Selfridge's. Piven has also appeared in numerous successful films, including Grosse Pointe Blank, Singles, Very Bad Things, The Family Man, Black Hawk Down, The Kingdom, Heat, PC, Old School, Rock N Rolla, Serendipity, Smokin' Aces, and Runaway Jury.  Piven appears as Joel Lapchick the man responsible for helping Nat “Sweetwater” Clifton break the color barrier in the NBA in 1950 in the movie Sweetwater, which dropped on Angel Studios on September 26th, soon to be available VOD. His next film, The Performance, is an adaptation of an Arthur Miller work due out in theaters at the end of 2024.  He was recently seen in the feature film Last Call opposite Oscar winner Bruce Dern and Orange is the New Black star Taryn Manning. Other recent and upcoming films include American Night opposite Oscar nominee Emile Hirsch, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, which screened at the Venice Film Festival, period drama film The Walk opposite Justin Chatwin and Oscar nominee Terrence Howard, and The System which teamed him up again with Terrence Howard and Tyrese Gibson.  Piven also released the popular podcast “How U Livin’ J Piven,'' where he interviewed influential guests such as Jamie Foxx, Tiffany Haddish, Common, Mark Cuban and UFC stars Rashad Evans and Jorge Masvidal, in an intimate and in-depth format that showcased his dynamic personality in a never-before-seen way. The show is available wherever you get your podcasts.  Piven now tours the country with his successful stand-up comedy show, flexing a comedic muscle that few actors have been able to transition over to. The tour will see him across the entire continental U.S. and also take him internationally to the U.K. and beyond.  This is a rental event presented by an independent organization separate from the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. The Trust is committed to its core values of diversity, equity, inclusion, and accessibility, including freedom of expression.
title: Jeremy Piven VIP Meet & Greet  time: Fri, Mar 21, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Outback Presents  detail: JEREMY PIVEN LIVE VIP Meet & Greet Add-On: • Includes a POST-SHOW Meet & Greet and photo with Jeremy Piven • Meet & Greet DOES NOT include a seat for the show • A separate show ticket MUST be purchased to attend the Meet & Greet  Click here to purchase a JEREMY PIVEN LIVE show tickets!  Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666.
title: fireWALL Dance: On the Run  time: Sat, Mar 22, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: fireWALL Dance Theater  detail: Step into a night of sinful delight as the award-winning FireWALL Burlesque Company presents On The Run— where seduction meets scandal.  Follow the irresistible Criminettes as they weave a thrilling web of sex, lies, and rock ‘n’ roll, shimmying their way through tales of passion and deception. Will they evade the law, or will their secrets catch up with them?  Run Time: 2 hours; 10 minute intermission
title: Desi Banks: The Elevation Tour  time: Sun, Mar 23, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Outback Presents  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 8 per customer  Desi Banks is the ultimate triple threat – actor, stand-up comedian, podcaster, and entrepreneur who's taking the entertainment world by storm. Having built a strong social media influence he’s amassed an immense following of over 19 million fans across various platforms and is swiftly becoming a household name: known for his razor-sharp wit and hilarious comedic timing. As an executive, he’s the CEO and founder of Desi Banks Productions.  In 2024, he embarked on his own 50-city tour, selling out headline dates, with nearly 52,000 tickets sold. He's a favorite at colleges, a hit at comedy clubs, and has effortlessly transitioned into theaters and arenas; Touring with heavyweights like Mike Epps, Deray Davis, Kountry Wayne, Gary Owens, Lavell Crawford, and more. In 2024, he joined Martin Lawrence on the “Y'all Know What It Is!” tour in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, and Oakland. With his ever- growing fanbase, Desi is undoubtedly one of stand-up's brightest stars of today and the future.  His organic rise as a stand-up comedian is unparalleled, as he quickly climbed the ranks and cemented his status as a tour de force in just a few short years. With the highly popular "The Purpose Chaser Tour" ending in 2024, Desi looks forward to embarking on his all-new “The Elevation Tour” in 2025.  Desi's talent has caught the attention of legends in comedy, most notably Kevin Hart, who has publicly praised him as the "next great" talent. This led to Desi's cameo in the Hartbeat- produced Super Bowl 23' commercial for DraftKings, proving that Desi Banks is a force to be reckoned with. In addition to DraftKings, Desi has partnered with many other notable brands including Meta, Apple, Beats by Dre, and PrizePicks.
title: Jim Henson’s Fraggle Rock: Back to the Rock LIVE!  time: Thu, Mar 27, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby TRUST PRESENTS Series  detail: In their first-ever live show, join Fraggles Gobo, Red, Mokey, Wembley and Boober as they set off on exhilarating adventures to find the long-lost Celebration Stone treasure!  On their mystical journey, they discover new caves and magic they never even knew existed, but will they succeed in their quest to bring the Celebration Stone home and have the most incredible party of Fraggle history? And along the way, will they find something even more memorable and heartfelt than they could have ever imagined?  From Jim Henson’s Creature Shop, Fraggle Rock: Back to the Rock LIVE features wondrous new puppet creatures, immersive special effects and lots of audience interactivity, bringing you closer to the world of the Fraggle Rock crew in an entirely new way!
title: The Yellowjackets  time: Thu, Mar 27, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: “…a perfectly combustible electric-acoustic outfit whose smart, often challenging and unpredictable compositions draw from fusion, postbop and contemporary jazz.” — Jazz Times  Throughout their storied 43-year history, the Yellowjackets have recorded 26 albums, received 16 Grammy® nominations – won 2 – performed countless sold-out tours, and enjoyed worldwide critical acclaim and commercial success. The Yellowjackets formed in the late 1970’s as the backup band for guitarist Robben Ford. They recorded their first album together in 1980. Shortly after that recording, however, Ford decided to part ways and go in a different musical direction. As a result, the modern day Yellowjackets were formed — a trio with Russell Ferrante, Jimmy Haslip and Ricky Lawson. Since then, and with the addition of Bob Mintzer, the Yellowjackets have gained and maintained prominence as one of jazz’s most influential and loved groups.  Over the years the band has undergone numerous lineup changes. Never failing to rise to the inevitable challenges of adjustment, the Yellowjackets - Russell Ferrante, William Kennedy, Bob Mintzer - have maintained an extraordinarily high quality of musicianship that is the rival of many but a surprise to no one who knows and appreciates the band and their music. The most recent addition to the band adds Australian bass player Dane Alderson into the mix. With his exceptional rhythmic sensibility and natural disposition toward groove, Dane brings a new energy to the band and adds a youthful approach to the music. The Yellowjackets album “Raising Our Voice" was released in Fall 2018 and features special guest vocalist Luciana Souza. Their album "Jackets XL with the WDR Big Band" was nominated for a Grammy® in 2021.  Their latest album "Parallel Motion" (2022) also received a Grammy nomination for Best Jazz Instrumental Album and is a true testament to the longevity and resilience of a band who debuted over 40 years ago. Consistently reinventing themselves through elevated instrumentation in their signature electro-acoustic soundscape, the current lineup showcases a collective at their prime.
title: A Sudden Gust of Wind  time: April 26, 2024 - March 31, 2025  venue: N/A  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: A Sudden Gust of Wind Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order A Sudden Gust of Wind A Sudden Gust of Wind Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis April 26, 2024-March 31, 2025 A Sudden Gust of Wind is a newly commissioned public art project by the interdisciplinary Pittsburgh-based and internationally-renowned artists Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis. This outdoor large-scale public artwork consists of a sequence of 200 sculptures installed within the branches of over 80 existing trees throughout the Cultural District. As visitors to downtown Pittsburgh walk through the Cultural District they encounter a number of multi-colored kites which appear to be crashed and trapped in trees. Their forms are crumpled, and their fabric tails are animated by the weather, tangling over time within the branches. These art works, discovered rather than pointed out, invite an audience to consider themselves carefully attuned to the material remains of life’s idiosyncrasies. The kites read as a colorful aftermath of an implied celebratory event. A kite festival gone wrong. A sudden gust of wind that broke the string tethering the kite to its owner. With irreverence and humor, Clayton and Lewis explore the interconnectivity and tension within the human-nature relationship. The colorful, tragi-comic kite sculptures that comprise this large-scale public artwork express the amusement and creativity that kites symbolize as well as the sense of disappointment when they cease to function. A Sudden Gust of Wind by Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis is commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Anastasia James, Director of Galleries & Public Art. This project would not be possible without the efforts of George Dun, Manager of Gallery Facilities & Public Art and art handlers Kennedy Deen, Chris Korch, Josh Rievel, and Jacquet Kehm with assistance by Davine Byon, Curatorial Assistant. Public Programs Multiple public programs will be presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust during the exhibition’s run. Initial events include: Grand Opening | Friday, April 26, 2024 in conjunction with Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District Community Flying Days | Sunday, June 9, 2024 , in conjunction with the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival . Free kites will be provided! Guests attending The Kite Runner on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh season, May 7-12, may also sense a poignant connection between the simultaneous Cultural District presentations. About the artists: Lenka Clayton is an interdisciplinary artist whose work exaggerates, and alters the accepted rules of everyday life, extending the familiar into the realms of the poetic and absurd. Recent exhibitions include Rising Sun (2023) at Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Day Jobs (2023) at the Blanton Museum of Art, T o Begin Again (2022) at ICA Boston, The Carnegie International 57th Ed. (2018), Object Temporarily Removed (2017) at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in Philadelphia, Apollo’s Muse (2019) at The Metropolitan Museum of Art NY and The Grand Illusion , at the Lyon Biennial, France (2020). In 2017 the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum commissioned a major new work by Clayton and collaborator Jon Rubin, entitled A talking parrot, a high school drama class, a Punjabi TV show, the oldest song in the world, a museum artwork, and a congregation’s call to action circle through New York . With the participation of six diverse venues around New York City, the artists arranged for an essential element from each site—referenced in the project’s title—to circulate from one place to the next, creating a six-month network of social and material exchange. Clayton’s work has been supported by The Warhol Foundation and The National Endowment for the Arts. She has received an Art Matters Award, a Carol R. Brown Award for Creative Achievement, and a Creative Development Grant from Heinz/Pittsburgh Foundation. She has been artist-in-residence at The Fabric Workshop and Museum, PA and Headlands Center for the Arts, CA and was a Sabrina Merage Fellow with Black Cube Nomadic Art Museum. Clayton’s work is held in the permanent collections of The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, SFMoMA in California, Hamburger Kunsthalle in Germany, Mount Holyoke College Art Museum in Massachusetts, The Carnegie Museum of Art, The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art and The Philadelphia Museum of Art in Pennsylvania. Permanent public artworks include Darkhouse Lighthouse, and Historic Site, both made with collaborator Phillip Andrew Lewis. Phillip Andrew Lewis (b.1973, lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media including photography, video objects, and sound. His creative research often responds to historical events, psychology, and phenomenology. This work consistently examines duration, perceptual limits and attentive observation. Lewis is actively involved in collaboration with artists and various groups. Phillip has exhibited his work both nationally and internationally. He received a 2012 Creative Capital Grant in Visual Art for his ongoing long-term project entitled SYNONYM . He has also received generous support for his research from Black Cube, Headlands Center for the Arts, Culture and Animals Foundation, Center for Creative Photography, Foundation for Contemporary Art in New York, Fathomers, Bemis Center for Contemporary Art, Midway Contemporary Arts Fund, Tennessee Arts Commission, University of Tennessee, Urban Arts Commission, The Heinz Endowments, The Pittsburgh Foundation, and Sabrina Merage Foundation.  He is a tenured full professor at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. In collaboration with his wife, Lenka Clayton, he runs a project space in Pittsburgh called Gallery Closed which is open 24/7 via two street facing windows. Visual Arts Wood Street Galleries Wood Street Galleries Archive SPACE Gallery SPACE Gallery Archive 707 Penn Gallery 707 Penn Gallery Archive 820 Liberty Gallery 820 Liberty Gallery Archive Public Art A Sudden Gust of Wind 168 Lightbulbs 9th & Penn Parklet Agnes R. Katz Plaza Allegheny Riverfront Park Bike Racks Cell Phone Disco Flow Haas Mural Magnolias for Pittsburgh Tito Way Billboards Water Cube Temporary Installations Thaddeus Mosley Upcoming Events Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur  time: February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025  venue: Wood Street Galleries  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Pittsburgh Wood Street Galleries February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Skip to get tickets Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Wood Street Galleries Ticket Prices Free Film Free In Monument Eternal , Le’Andra LeSeur dissects the ways that monuments erected to commemorate racist legacies have altered the mental psyche of Black communities. The artist contemplates how this alteration manifests in the physical body, especially when presented with, and situated in, the sonic rhythms that reverberate across these sites of violence. Comprising a new series of work co-commissioned with the Pioneer Works, Brooklyn the exhibition marks LeSeur’s first institutional solo presentation. Monument Eternal centers on a titular video inspired by Stone Mountain in Georgia—a public park distinguished by a three-acre-wide carving that depicts Confederate leaders on horseback, begun in 1923 and completed in 1972. In spite of this, it remains the state’s most popular attraction, frequented by local residents and tourists alike for its recreational offerings. LeSeur spent the majority of her adolescence in Atlanta and recalls many family gatherings at Stone Mountain. She began researching the site’s history after revisiting it as an adult in 2017. Two years later, she started to consider its corporeal impact, which eventually gave way to this series. A poetic translation of the body in collapse, the video stitches together slow-motion captures of the artist falling, unabated and repeatedly, on the mountain’s peak. The work borrows its title from an abridged autobiography written by Alice Coltrane, in which the avant-garde composer recounts her journey through physical and mental tests continuously self-imposed in the pursuit of spiritual transcendence. Similarly, LeSeur pushes her body to extreme physical limits within her own performance practice as a way of confronting, and subsequently transcending, both historical legacies of Blackness as well as her own personal identity as a queer Black person. This process of perseverance and self-discovery is captured within the spoken word poetry written and narrated by LeSeur, which provides the basis for the film’s score. In the artist’s own words: “My work aims for a more intentional and sensitive connection to, participation with, and activation of, sites of violence, sparking continuous dialogue around the impact these sites have had on Black communities. This work is communal, historical, social, political, and environmental. It is, for me, health care. At the core of this project, I introduce new forms of healing and reconciliation within the midst of trauma and violence, through repeated gestures and the transformation of sound into a physical presence. My practice continuously considers ways in which art can transform violence into something beyond. Monument Eternal transforms memories of violence, remnants of violence, and even physical embodiments of violence into transcendences.” Accompanying this video will be other works created through remembrance of LeSeur’s recent encounters with Stone Mountain, including a painting completed during her 2023 residency at Pioneer Works. While visiting the monument, the artist observed her bodily reactions—for instance, a nervous flick of her hand—and took note of the way that she breathed as she walked around the site. These movements are translated into mark-marking gestures on paintings and drawings, as well as a rhythmic baseline for how she blew into glass during the creation of new sculptural works. In doing so, natural responses, otherwise imperceptible to others, become tangible records that surpass the limits of time and place. While visiting Pittsburgh in preparation for her exhibition at Wood Street Galleries, LeSeur became intrigued by the missing archives of the Pittsburgh Courier (1913–1922), the city’s oldest Black newspaper. Rather than searching for their location, she reflects on the impact of such a loss—a profound cultural erasure within a prominent Black community, a gap she argues is deeply debilitating. In response to this exploration and reflection, LeSeur created a new work titled Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist , referencing both Henry Miller’s Black Spring (1936) and the Algerian Black Spring of 2001. The resulting multi-channel video and sound work combines original and sourced 8mm film and video. Centering on a rare recording of Phyllis Hyman performing “Gonna Make Changes” at the Kennedy Center, the piece confronts viewers with a larger question: Can mere survival counteract erasure, or does it merely deplete us? The installation of Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist will premier at Wood Street Galleries on February 1st as an addendum to Monument Eternal . About the Artist Le’Andra LeSeur (b. 1989 in Bronx, NY) is a multidisciplinary artist whose work encompasses a range of media including video, installation, photography, painting, and performance. Her body of work, a celebration of Blackness, queerness, and femininity, seeks to dismantle systems of power and achieve transcendence and liberation through perseverance. Through the insertion of her body and voice into her work, LeSeur provides her audience with an opportunity to contemplate themes such as identity, family, Black grief and joy, the experience of invisibility, and what it means to take up space as a queer Black woman—a rejection of the stereotypes which attempt to push these identities to the margins. The artist has received several notable awards including the Tulsa Artist Fellowship (2024), Leslie-Lohman Museum Artists Fellowship (2019), the Time-Based Medium Prize as well as the Juried Grand Prize at Artprize 10 (2018). LeSeur has appeared in conversation with Marilyn Minter at the Brooklyn Museum, presented by the Tory Burch Foundation, and has lectured at The New School, NY, NY and the University of the Arts, Philadelphia, PA, among others. Her work has been shown in solo and group exhibitions at MFA Boston, Boston, MA; Swivel Gallery, NY, NY; The Shed, New York, NY; Marlborough, New York, NY; Atlanta Contemporary, Atlanta, GA; A.I.R. Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Assembly Room, New York, NY; Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Arnika Dawkins, Atlanta, GA; and others. Residencies include Pioneer Works, iLab at The University of the Arts, Visual Studies Workshop, ArcAthens, NARS Foundation, Marble House Project, and MASS MoCA. Monument eternal will be on view at Pioneer Works, New York from September 6 –December 16the prior to travelling to Wood Street Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Le’Andra LeSeur: Monument Eternal is co-commissioned by Pioneer Works and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Vivian Chui. The exhibition is made possible, in part, by the Tulsa Artist Fellowship and public funds from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in Partnership with the City Council, as well as the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature. Regular Hours Wednesday - Sunday 11 am - 5 pm | Closed 1 - 1:30 pm Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood Street Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-6666 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone  time: September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025  venue: 707 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Pittsburgh 707 Gallery September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Skip to get tickets Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Mar  9, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 707 Gallery Free For nearly four decades, Kim Bond (b. 1963, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) has explored the intersections of paranormal phenomena and the pursuit of a kinder, more inclusive world through her multidisciplinary practice encompassing drawings, paintings, sculptures, and writings. Bond's oeuvre is characterized by the integration of extraterrestrial imagery, including aliens, spacecraft, and Sasquatch, into natural environments such as the Colorado Mountains, Niagara Falls, Lake Erie, and Mt. St. Helena. These entities, with whom Bond professes communication, are depicted in tranquil landscapes, symbolizing hope and moral integrity. Another series depicts “The Rainbow Club,” Bond's vision for a utopian social venue that welcomes all beings, transcending barriers of gender, ability, age, and even species. In a fragmented society, Bond's work envisions a harmonious realm where diversity is not only accepted but celebrated. Bond initially honed her artistic skills and developed her unique aesthetic language through exposure to The Joy of Painting, a groundbreaking instructional television program created by Bob Ross that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS. The Joy of Painting democratized access to arts education, including individuals with disabilities. Airing on public television, the show allowed people to learn how to paint from their homes, eliminating both cost barriers and the need for physical attendance in classes. Ross’ simple, encouraging instruction and adaptive tools and techniques made painting approachable for everyone, regardless of skill level or physical ability. The flexible viewing format and his philosophy of “no mistakes, only happy accidents” further promoted creativity and individual expression, breaking down barriers and highlighting the inclusive power of art. Since 2018, Bond has been a resident artist at VaultArt Studio, a progressive arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art by providing professional-level arts instruction in a supportive studio environment. Bond’s affiliation with VaultArt Studio has allowed her to further develop and professionalize her artistic practice, engage with a diverse community of artists, and continue to advocate for inclusivity through her work. Her contributions to the studio and the broader community exemplify her commitment to creating a world where differences are embraced and celebrated. Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone is curated by Steph Neary & Anastasia James and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. This exhibition is part of a series of exhibitions in collaboration with VaultArt Studio that promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art. Image: Kim Bond, Rainbow Sasquatch, 2024, acrylic on paper. Courtesy the artist and VaultArt Studios. Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666 . 707 Gallery 707 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025  time: May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Skip to get tickets Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Fri, May 16 - Sun, Aug  3, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Celebrated as one of the region’s longest-running, juried exhibitions, the 2025 edition of the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival’s annual Juried Visual Art Exhibition celebrates the rich history, vibrant culture, and scenic beauty of the Pittsburgh region. This open call invites artists within a 150-mile radius of downtown Pittsburgh to submit works that reflect the spirit, resilience, and diversity of this area—whether through landscapes, portraits, urban scenes, or abstract interpretations. From the lush riverbanks and iconic bridges to the industrial past and dynamic communities, this exhibition will showcase the essence of Pittsburgh and its surroundings as seen through the eyes of local artists. Each year, the exhibition highlights the exceptional talent and perspectives of artists in our region. Esteemed jurors select a range of works from hundreds of submissions, with five individual prizes awarded: 1 Best in Show (selected by all jurors) $2500 cash prize 3 Juror’s Pick $1000 cash prize 1 People’s Choice $1000 cash prize Submissions Accepted: December 16th, 2024 - February 27th, 2025 Photos 2025 Jurors Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss (b. 1987 in Anaheim, CA) is an artist who supports other artists through her curatorial work, consultancy and custodianship. Jessica received a bachelors in Fine Art from Carnegie Mellon University in 2009; a masters in Arts Administration, Policy and Management from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2015; and she graduated from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 2018. Jessica has collaborated with notable artists, contributing to social practice, public art and community engaged projects like Mel Chin's Fundred Dollar Bill Project, Theaster Gates' Rebuild Foundation, and Alisha B Wormsley's Sibyls Shrine, where she currently serves as the collective's managing director and curator. Her work and projects have been featured in Architectural Digest, The Root, Black Art in America, and Bloomberg News. Jessica has been acclaimed as a 'Leading Voice in Public Art,' honored as a 'Woman of Achievement,' and recognized among 'Women to Watch.' She has been awarded the prestigious 40 Under 40 award in multiple US cities, recognizing her dedication towards advancing equity within the arts beyond borders. Her impactful works and contributions have been acknowledged with grant awards and honors from distinguished funders including The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, The Black Art Futures Fund and The Ford Foundation. Close This Modal Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography Helen Trompeteler is a curator and writer deeply committed to supporting underrepresented visual artists. As Deputy Director and Director of Programs at Silver Eye Center for Photography, she brings over twenty years of curatorial expertise following roles at the Royal Collection Trust (UK), the National Portrait Gallery (UK), and as an independent curator. A passionate advocate for artists and audiences, her writing has been published worldwide. Close This Modal Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art Akemi May is the Associate Curator of Works on Paper at Carnegie Museum of Art where she is responsible for the care of the museum’s collection of over 11,600 drawings, watercolors, prints, and collages. Since joining the museum in 2009, May has collaborated on major collection reinstallations and organized numerous exhibitions including, Japan is the Key: Collecting Prints and Ivories, 1900-1920, Hiroshige's Tōkaidō Road, Monet and the Modern City, and A Delight for the Senses, The Still Life. Her most recent exhibition, Imprinting in Their Time: Japanese Printmakers, 1912-2022 drew from the museum’s extensive collection of modern and contemporary Japanese prints and featured special loans from local collectors. May is interested in the history of collecting and the life stories of objects. She was a contributor to Art Tracks , a pioneering data visualization initiative for provenance research and oversaw the publication of the museum’s recent Collection Handbook . Published in honor of the 125th anniversary of Carnegie Museum of Art, the handbook documents the transformation of the collection through personal reflections by the current and former staff who helped shape it. May received her BA in Psychology and the History of Art and Architecture from the University of California, Santa Barbara and her MA in the History of Art and Architecture from Syracuse University. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Sensory Friendly Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition  time: August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Skip to get tickets Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Fri, Aug 29 - Sun, Jan 25, 2026 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Apply Now In honor of the 45th anniversary of Pittsburgh’s Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) school, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is thrilled to present an exhibition that celebrates the incredible talents of CAPA alumni and faculty. Known for fostering creativity, innovation, and excellence, CAPA has shaped the artistic landscape of Pittsburgh for nearly half a century, inspiring countless young artists to pursue their passions and refine their crafts. This exhibition features a vibrant collection of works by CAPA alumni and faculty, celebrating the breadth and depth of artistic talent that has emerged from this renowned institution. Guest curators Miller Schulman and Shannon Pultz—all alumni—will carefully select pieces that showcase the unique creative perspectives fostered within CAPA’s rich artistic community. Alumni and faculty are invited to submit their work through the submission portal January 6 - May 1, 2025. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is honored to partner with CAPA for this milestone exhibition, celebrating a legacy of artistic achievement and dedication that continues to enrich the cultural fabric of our city. Join us for this special exhibition as we look back on 45 years of creative excellence and look ahead to CAPA’s future impact on the arts in Pittsburgh. Photos 2025 Jurors Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair This modal contains biographic information about Shannon Pultz Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair Shannon Pultz (b. 1971) lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her BFA from The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Art and Science, her master’s in education from Carlow University, and a post-master's degree from Point Park University in K-12 Principalship. She is a founding member of the acclaimed art collective ART CLUB 2000 , formed in 1992 in collaboration with Colin de Land and American Fine Arts, Co. (NYC), and a former editor and critic for Flash Art International in Milan, Italy. She currently chairs the Visual Art Department at Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12, is an active member of ART CLUB 2000 , and consults on arts education, exhibitions, and interdisciplinary projects. She graduated from Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts in 1989. Recent solo exhibitions include ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Kunsthalle Zurich (2022) and at the Flashlight Factory in Pittsburgh, PA (2022); and ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Artists Space, NYC (2020). Group exhibitions include E IL TOPO: History of an Artists’ Magazine at Madre Museum, Naples, Italy (2023); Alex Bag, Art Club 2000, Daniela Rossell & Larry Johnson at Gaga, Los Angeles (2022); The Conditions of Being Art: Pat Hearn Gallery and American Fine Arts, Co. (1983-2004) at the Hessel Museum of Art (2018); and NYC 1993: Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star at the New Museum, NYC (2013). Close This Modal Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher This modal contains biographic information about Miller Schulman Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher Miller Schulman is a writer, curator, and researcher, and is currently a PhD student at the CUNY Graduate Center in New York. His academic and curatorial interests include modern and contemporary art, architecture, sexuality, and gender. He holds a Master of Philosophy in the history of art and architecture from the University of Cambridge, and a bachelor’s degree in history from Tufts University. He graduated from Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12 in 2013. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition  time: February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Skip to get tickets The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Sat, Feb 15 - Sun, Apr 27, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and Carnegie Mellon University are pleased to present an exhibition featuring the work of first- and second-year MFA students from Carnegie Mellon's School of Art. This exhibition highlights a dynamic range of contemporary art practices from emerging artists experimenting across media, concepts, and themes. This exhibition offers a unique opportunity to engage with the next generation of influential artists as they expand their creative practices within Pittsburgh's vibrant cultural landscape. Following obsessions and trains of thought, The End That Never Was brings together eight artists from Carnegie Mellon University’s Master of Fine Arts program. This collection of new works addresses contemporary notions of memory, orientation, and play. Informed by their varied studio practices which utilize film, sound, virtual space, and tactile media, this exhibition parses iterative and generative attempts at answering sometimes unanswerable questions. Broadly, the works explore fan culture, language acquisition, memory, affect, disembodiment, as well as the occupation of the peripheral. Artists: Naomi Chambers (MFA ‘26) Anne Chen (MFA ‘27) Aleena Akbar Khan (MFA ‘27) Logan Larsen (MFA ‘27) Bulumko Mbete (MFA ‘26) Afrooz Partovi (MFA ‘26) Ashley A. Ross (MFA ‘27) Morgan Thomas Shankweiler (MFA ‘27) The End That Never Was is presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust in collaboration with Carnegie Mellon University. Special thanks to MFA Director Katherine Hubbard, Assistant Director Wendy Willis, Head of the School of Art Charlie White, and the College of Fine Arts at Carnegie Mellon University. Additional thanks to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust team: Davine Byon, George Dun, Kennedy Deen, Jacquet Kehm, Josh Rievel, and Chris Korch. Photo: Courtesy the artists and Carnegie Mellon University School of Art. Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Melike Konur: Women I've Been  time: March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025  venue: 820 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Melike Konur: Women I've Been Pittsburgh 820 Gallery March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Melike Konur: Women I've Been Skip to get tickets Melike Konur: Women I've Been Sun, Mar  9 - Sun, Jul 20, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 820 Gallery Ticket Prices Free Visual Arts Join us for an opening reception on Sunday, March 9 from 1-4pm. “Women I've Been", a solo exhibition by artist Melike Konur curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss, explores the unique intersections that have shaped Konur's identity, as she unveils her myriad roles - woman, mother, singer, dancer, and ritual maker - in this immersive showcase. The gallery at 820 Liberty Avenue has been transformed into a sacred ceremonial realm, adorned with an ancestral shrine featuring a soundscape, luxurious fabrics and vessels brimming with water. A poetic metaphor for the cyclical, ever-evolving nature of womanhood, this sculptural centerpiece symbolizes the fluid, interconnected nature of women's lives, each vessel pouring into the next in an endless flow. "Women I've Been" becomes a mirror for the exploration of identity. Konur's multi-faceted personas collide and converge, challenging viewers to recognize their own processes of becoming. This exhibition asserts that true power resides in compassion, nurturing, and connection - all integral to the radical act of self-actualization. Through this evocative presentation, the exhibition becomes a container for alchemy charged by honoring renewal and remembrance. Konur invites us to honor our ancestors while boldly birthing new representations of self. "Women I've Been" celebrates the fluidity and power of identity, reminding us that the practice of being is ongoing. Melike Konur: Women I’ve Been is guest curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Melike Konur recognizes that we are situated on the ancestral lands of the Osage Nation and the Shawnee people (Shawandasse Tula/Shawanwaki). This work is moved to honor their history as the original stewards of this land and acknowledge their continued presence, sovereignty, and contributions.This acknowledgement recognizes the traditions, histories, and experiences of erasure endured by these nations, whose knowledge has profoundly shaped the world we inhabit today. Speaking and hearing words of reverence is a vital step in fostering collaborative, accountable, and respectful relationships with Indigenous nations and communities—relationships grounded in continuity, mutual respect, and shared responsibility. Image: Melike Konur, Ethereal from Reflection | Nexus, 2025. Courtesy the artist. Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. Related Exhibition Opening Join us on Sun, Mar 9, 1-4pm to celebrate the exhibition’s opening at 820 Gallery with artist Melike Konur and guest curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss. The opening reception will feature music by DJ SMI. 820 Gallery 820 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
