title: Stefon Harris & Blackout  time: Sat, Apr 12, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: “The standout vibraphonist of his generation.” — The New Yorker  “His music needs no labels like ‘postmodern’ or ‘cutting edge’. It is Stefon Harris music, as Charles Mingus, he insisted, was Mingus music.” — Nat Hentoff, Jazz Times Magazine  Stefon Harris’ passionate artistry and astonishing virtuosity have propelled him to the forefront of the jazz scene. In 2020 on National Public Radio (NPR), Harris' feature highlighted his contributions as a musician but also as an educator and thought leader who teaches empathy from the bandstand. Harris has also been featured as one of the leading and emerging artists for Apollo’s New Works Master Artist residency. In 2019, Hot House and Jazz Mobile awarded Harris best vibes as part of the best and brightest for the New York Readers Jazz awards. Heralded as “one of the most important artists in jazz” (Los Angeles Times), he is a recipient of the prestigious 2018 Doris Duke Artist Award, the Martin E. Segal Award from Lincoln Center, has earned four GRAMMYTM nominations, and has been named Best Mallet player eight times by the Jazz Journalist Association. He was also chosen Best Vibes in the 2018 and 2017 Downbeat Magazine Critic’s Poll, the 2016 Jazz Times Expanded Critics Poll, the 2014 Jazz Times Critics Poll and the 2013 Downbeat Critics Poll. NPR’s All Things Considered praised Mr. Harris’ audacious CD Urbanus, which also earned a GRAMMY TM nomination for Best Contemporary Jazz Album, as one of “The Year’s Best New Jazz” recordings. As a member of the SFJAZZ Collective, their 2014 CD, Wonder: The Songs of Stevie Wonder, won an NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Jazz Album.
title: Some Like It Hot  time: Tue, Apr 15 - Sun, Apr 20, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh  detail: Get ready for a “glorious, toe-tapping, razzle-dazzling " (Deadline) time with Some Like It Hot, the hit Tony and Grammy Award-winning Broadway musical. Set in Prohibition era, this fast-paced comedy follows two musicians who take up new identities and go on the run after witnessing a mob hit.  Their cross-country journey brings them face to face with a dazzling singer with dreams of stardom, who captures one of their hearts, while the other catches the eye of a wealthy suitor set on finding true love. Still under disguise, they must find a way to untangle their messes and stay alive from the gangsters hot on their tail!  With a book by Tony-winner Matthew López (The Inheritance) and Amber Ruffin, vibrant musical score crafted by the Hairspray team of Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman, and Tony-winning choreography from director Casey Nicholaw (The Book of Mormon, Mean Girls, Aladdin), Some Like It Hot is a fresh adaptation that is “a super-sized all out song-and-dance spectacular” (The New York Times)
title: Creative Conversations — Some Like it Hot  time: Wed, Apr 16, 2025  venue: Trust Arts Education Center  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Creative Conversations — Some Like it Hot - Pittsburgh | Official Event Source | Trust Arts Education Center | Wed, Apr 16, 2025,  6:30pm | Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Creative Conversations — Some Like it Hot Skip to get tickets Creative Conversations — Some Like it Hot Wed, Apr 16, 2025,  6:30pm Register Register Online Form - Creative Conversations Some Like it Hot Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Trust Arts Education Center Ticket Prices Free Broadway & Musical Theater Free Join Trust Arts Education for a pre-show chat on Wednesday nights with members from the company (schedule permitting) hosted by local theatre professionals to learn insights into the show you can’t find in your playbill. What special lighting cues should you watch for? What is life on tour like? What musical allusions will deepen your enjoyment of the show? What questions do you have? Now is your chance to ask! (While enjoying pre-show snacks!) Event Date Wed, Apr 16, 2025,  6:30 PM A ticket to the PNC Broadway performance is not required Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666 . Trust Arts Education Center 807 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-6666 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Twyla Tharp Dance  time: Sat, Apr 19, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Dance Council  detail: Diamond Jubilee - 60th Anniversary Program  Country of Origin: United States  Twyla Tharp celebrates her 60th anniversary with a Coast-to-Coast tour featuring her Olivier-nominated Diabelli, set to Beethoven’s masterpiece of the same name, and a new dance Slack Tide to a reimagining of Philip Glass’s iconic Aguas da Amazonia. Showcasing Tharp’s uncanny and witty use of music to create work of startling originality and beauty, the two dances once again ensure Tharp’s place as one of the great artists of our time.
title: Bob Dylan: Rough and Rowdy Ways Tour  time: Mon, Apr 21, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: AEG Presents  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 8 per customer  Bob Dylan’s career has lasted the better part of fifty years now. He has never gotten by on sentimentality or nostalgia. He has never repeated his successes. Dylan has always pushed his work ahead.  This show will be a phone-free experience. Use of cellphones, cameras, or recording devices will not be permitted in the performance space.  Upon arrival at the venue, all phones will be secured in Yondr pouches that will be opened at the end of the event. Guests maintain possession of their phones at all times and can access their phones throughout the event at designated Phone Use Area in the venue. All phones will be re-secured in Yondr pouches before returning to the event space.  Anyone seen using a cellphone during the performance will be escorted out of the venue. Guests are encouraged to bring a bank or credit card for purchases inside the venue. We appreciate your cooperation in creating a phone-free viewing experience.
title: Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus  time: Sat, Apr 26, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby Children's Theater Series  detail: Whatever you do, don't let the Pigeon star in his own musical production! With a script written by Mo Willems, the creator of the #1 New York Times best-selling, Caldecott Honor award-winning "Pigeon" picture books, and featuring music by Deborah Wicks La Puma (Elephant & Piggie's We Are in a Play!), TheaterWorksUSA‘s Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! The Musical! is even more fun than staying up late and having a hot dog party!  It's not easy being the Pigeon-you never get to do ANYTHING! But when the Bus Driver has a crisis that threatens to make her passengers (gasp!) late, maybe that wily bird CAN do something. Featuring an innovative mix of songs, and feathers, Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! The Musical! is sure to get everyone's wings flapping.  Preshow fun! Children attending this performance are invited to participate in an arts/craft activity before the show. Created by Trust teaching artists, the activity is age appropriate for the show, and is intended to teach, engage, and entertain young theater goers. Families also receive a book or other giveaway, while supplies last. Activities take place in the Byham lobby, beginning one hour before the start of the show. Sponsored by PNC Grow Up Great and The Grable Foundation.  Photo by: Jeremy Daniel. L-R: Arturo Hernandez, Sarah Hogewood, Wesley Slade, Bryce Hayden, Markia Nicole Smith
title: Shen Yun  time: Sat, Apr 26 - Sun, Apr 27, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: The Greater Philadelphia Falun Dafa Association  detail: The gong resounds, the curtain opens, and a heavenly scene unfolds before your eyes. Fairies emerge from a sea of billowing clouds. Mongolians ride on horseback across grasslands as vast as the sky. The Monkey King leaps into the sky to fight demons. Classic stories of love and loss, of humor and heroic deeds, come to life.  Shen Yun invites you to travel back to the magical world of ancient China. Experience a lost culture through the incredible art of classical Chinese dance, and see legends come to life. Shen Yun makes this possible by pushing the boundaries of the performing arts, with a unique blend of stunning costuming, high-tech backdrops, and an orchestra like no other. Be prepared for a magnificent theatrical experience!  Discover the deep wisdom and stunning beauty of China before communism. Come witness a magnificent culture reborn. Enjoy Shen Yun’s all new production for unforgettable dance and music, and leave feeling revitalized and filled with hope.  “Magnificent! I highly recommend it to anyone.” –Tony Robbins, world-renowned author & speaker  “Shen Yun touches a deeper part in you. You can feel it, even if you can’t quite describe it. This is what art is meant to be.” –Dr. David Reynolds, archeologist, Star Wars best-selling author “I’m forever changed. I am literally vibrating in my soul, and my heart is just pouring, full of love, and it is just incredible. It’s heaven.” — Joanne Tokessy, drummer  “Everything was larger than life... It’s the best I’ve ever seen—you must go, or you’ll never forgive yourself for what you didn’t find out.” —Nancy Brock, former actress, associate producer  “This show stayed in my mind for six years…It’s just magical, it’s spiritual, it’s uplifting, it’s endearing.” –Kalpana Pandit, actress
title: Stavros Halkias: The Dreamboat Tour  time: Thu, May  1, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: Drusky Entertainment  detail: Stavros Halkias is a comedian, actor, and writer originally from Baltimore, Maryland and currently based in Queens, New York. Most recently, Halkias wrote, produced, and starred in the indie comedy “Let's Start a Cult”. His latest special "Fat Rascal" is available on Netflix. His debut special, “Live at the Lodge Room” reached a million views in its first four days and currently sits at over 7M million views. Last year, he was named to Vulture’s 2023 list of “Comedians You Should and Will Know,” and identified by GQ as “at the front of a new wave of comedians.”  His podcast “Stavvy’s World” debuted at #3 on the iTunes comedy charts and garnered hundreds of thousands of subscribers in its first year. He’s a former co-host and founding member of the popular podcast “Cum Town,” which ran from 2016-2022 and he was recently featured in Steven Soderbergh’s sci-fi series “Command Z.” Halkias is also an accomplished model, walking in Kid Super’s Paris fashion week show in 2023 where he was described by Vogue as “the plus-est of plus size models”. His goal is to get just famous enough to buy his mother a nice home and then quit show business to open a surf and turf restaurant in East Baltimore.
title: Come From Away  time: Fri, May  2 - Sun, May  4, 2025  venue: Benedum Center  organization: PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh  detail: This New York Times Critics’ Pick takes you into the heart of the remarkable true story of 7,000 stranded passengers and the small town in Newfoundland that welcomed them. Cultures clashed and nerves ran high, but uneasiness turned into trust, music soared into the night, and gratitude grew into enduring friendships.  Don’t miss this breathtaking musical written by Tony® nominees Irene Sankoff and David Hein, directed by Tony-winning Best Director, Christopher Ashley and musical staging by Tony-nominee Kelly Devine. The tour is directed by Daniel Goldstein with musical staging by Richard J. Hinds, based on the original Broadway direction and choreography.  Newsweek cheers, “It takes you to a place you never want to leave!”  On 9/11, the world stopped.  On 9/12, their stories moved us all.
title: Kaiju Big Battel: Breakfast of Champions  time: Sat, May  3, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grisgby TRUST PRESENTS Series  detail: Kaiju Big Battel is coming to Pittsburgh on May 3, 2025, promising an unforgettable spectacle that will leave fans on the edge of their seats. This over-the-top event combines fighto! with the iconic, larger-than-life kaiju monsters in an epic battle of titans. Expect colossal creatures, and action-packed matches, all set to a backdrop of colorful and chaotic energy. With its blend of humor, high-energy performances, and thrilling competition, this is a must-see for fans of wrestling, monster movies, and all things bizarre!  Whether you're a long-time Kaiju enthusiast or new to the world of monster battels, this event will be a wild ride from start to finish. The creatures you love (or love to fear) will clash in creative and often hilarious ways, providing entertainment for all fans. Don’t miss out on the chance to witness this one-of-a-kind spectacle in Pittsburgh, where the monsters take center stage in a showdown like no other. Mark your calendars now for May 3, 2025, and get ready to cheer on your favorite kaiju in this larger-than-life event! Monsters are Real and Danger can Happen!
title: Bruce Hornsby and yMusic present BrhyM  time: Sun, May  4, 2025  venue: Byham Theater  organization: Dentons Cohen & Grigsby TRUST PRESENTS Series  detail: TICKET LIMIT: 8 per customer  The distinctive American songwriter, pianist and three-time Grammy Award-winner is joined by yMusic, the genre-leading contemporary classical ensemble, for a performance showcasing new collaborative compositions from their critically acclaimed album Deep Sea Vents plus other favorites from Hornsby’s illustrious catalog.  Each ticket purchased to this performance will include a copy of Deep Sea Vents, the collaborative album from BrhyM, on CD. Deep Sea Vents CDs will be distributed to patrons upon entry at the performance.
title: Patina Miller  time: Mon, May  5, 2025  venue: Greer Cabaret Theater  organization: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Cabaret Series  detail: Among rave screen performances in Power Book III: Raising Kanan, Hazbin Hotel, Madam Secretary, Mercy Street, and The Many Saints of Newark, Miller has graced the stage with turns as The Witch in Sondheim’s Into the Woods (Grammy® Award for Best Musical Theater Album), Leading Player in Pippin (Tony® Award for Lead Actress), Deloris Van Cartier (Sister Act), Ragtime and more.  Run Time: 60-70 minutes, no intermission
title: A Sudden Gust of Wind  time: April 26, 2024 - March 31, 2025  venue: N/A  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: A Sudden Gust of Wind Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order A Sudden Gust of Wind A Sudden Gust of Wind Lenka Clayton & Phillip Andrew Lewis April 26, 2024-March 31, 2025 A Sudden Gust of Wind is a newly commissioned public art project by the interdisciplinary Pittsburgh-based and internationally-renowned artists Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis. This outdoor large-scale public artwork consists of a sequence of 200 sculptures installed within the branches of over 80 existing trees throughout the Cultural District. As visitors to downtown Pittsburgh walk through the Cultural District they encounter a number of multi-colored kites which appear to be crashed and trapped in trees. Their forms are crumpled, and their fabric tails are animated by the weather, tangling over time within the branches. These art works, discovered rather than pointed out, invite an audience to consider themselves carefully attuned to the material remains of life’s idiosyncrasies. The kites read as a colorful aftermath of an implied celebratory event. A kite festival gone wrong. A sudden gust of wind that broke the string tethering the kite to its owner. With irreverence and humor, Clayton and Lewis explore the interconnectivity and tension within the human-nature relationship. The colorful, tragi-comic kite sculptures that comprise this large-scale public artwork express the amusement and creativity that kites symbolize as well as the sense of disappointment when they cease to function. A Sudden Gust of Wind by Lenka Clayton and Phillip Andrew Lewis is commissioned by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Anastasia James, Director of Galleries & Public Art. This project would not be possible without the efforts of George Dun, Manager of Gallery Facilities & Public Art and art handlers Kennedy Deen, Chris Korch, Josh Rievel, and Jacquet Kehm with assistance by Davine Byon, Curatorial Assistant. Public Programs Multiple public programs will be presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust during the exhibition’s run. Initial events include: Grand Opening | Friday, April 26, 2024 in conjunction with Gallery Crawl in the Cultural District Community Flying Days | Sunday, June 9, 2024 , in conjunction with the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival . Free kites will be provided! Guests attending The Kite Runner on the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust’s 2023-2024 PNC Broadway in Pittsburgh season, May 7-12, may also sense a poignant connection between the simultaneous Cultural District presentations. About the artists: Lenka Clayton is an interdisciplinary artist whose work exaggerates, and alters the accepted rules of everyday life, extending the familiar into the realms of the poetic and absurd. Recent exhibitions include Rising Sun (2023) at Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Day Jobs (2023) at the Blanton Museum of Art, T o Begin Again (2022) at ICA Boston, The Carnegie International 57th Ed. (2018), Object Temporarily Removed (2017) at The Fabric Workshop and Museum in Philadelphia, Apollo’s Muse (2019) at The Metropolitan Museum of Art NY and The Grand Illusion , at the Lyon Biennial, France (2020). In 2017 the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum commissioned a major new work by Clayton and collaborator Jon Rubin, entitled A talking parrot, a high school drama class, a Punjabi TV show, the oldest song in the world, a museum artwork, and a congregation’s call to action circle through New York . With the participation of six diverse venues around New York City, the artists arranged for an essential element from each site—referenced in the project’s title—to circulate from one place to the next, creating a six-month network of social and material exchange. Clayton’s work has been supported by The Warhol Foundation and The National Endowment for the Arts. She has received an Art Matters Award, a Carol R. Brown Award for Creative Achievement, and a Creative Development Grant from Heinz/Pittsburgh Foundation. She has been artist-in-residence at The Fabric Workshop and Museum, PA and Headlands Center for the Arts, CA and was a Sabrina Merage Fellow with Black Cube Nomadic Art Museum. Clayton’s work is held in the permanent collections of The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, SFMoMA in California, Hamburger Kunsthalle in Germany, Mount Holyoke College Art Museum in Massachusetts, The Carnegie Museum of Art, The Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art and The Philadelphia Museum of Art in Pennsylvania. Permanent public artworks include Darkhouse Lighthouse, and Historic Site, both made with collaborator Phillip Andrew Lewis. Phillip Andrew Lewis (b.1973, lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an interdisciplinary artist who works in a variety of media including photography, video objects, and sound. His creative research often responds to historical events, psychology, and phenomenology. This work consistently examines duration, perceptual limits and attentive observation. Lewis is actively involved in collaboration with artists and various groups. Phillip has exhibited his work both nationally and internationally. He received a 2012 Creative Capital Grant in Visual Art for his ongoing long-term project entitled SYNONYM . He has also received generous support for his research from Black Cube, Headlands Center for the Arts, Culture and Animals Foundation, Center for Creative Photography, Foundation for Contemporary Art in New York, Fathomers, Bemis Center for Contemporary Art, Midway Contemporary Arts Fund, Tennessee Arts Commission, University of Tennessee, Urban Arts Commission, The Heinz Endowments, The Pittsburgh Foundation, and Sabrina Merage Foundation.  He is a tenured full professor at The University of Tennessee at Chattanooga. In collaboration with his wife, Lenka Clayton, he runs a project space in Pittsburgh called Gallery Closed which is open 24/7 via two street facing windows. Visual Arts Wood Street Galleries Wood Street Galleries Archive SPACE Gallery SPACE Gallery Archive 707 Penn Gallery 707 Penn Gallery Archive 820 Liberty Gallery 820 Liberty Gallery Archive Public Art A Sudden Gust of Wind 168 Lightbulbs 9th & Penn Parklet Agnes R. Katz Plaza Allegheny Riverfront Park Bike Racks Cell Phone Disco Flow Haas Mural Magnolias for Pittsburgh Tito Way Billboards Water Cube Temporary Installations Thaddeus Mosley Upcoming Events Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur  time: February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025  venue: Wood Street Galleries  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Pittsburgh Wood Street Galleries February  1, 2025 - May 17, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Skip to get tickets Monument Eternal: Le’Andra LeSeur Sat, Feb  1 - Sat, May 17, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Wood Street Galleries Ticket Prices Free Film Free In Monument Eternal , Le’Andra LeSeur dissects the ways that monuments erected to commemorate racist legacies have altered the mental psyche of Black communities. The artist contemplates how this alteration manifests in the physical body, especially when presented with, and situated in, the sonic rhythms that reverberate across these sites of violence. Comprising a new series of work co-commissioned with the Pioneer Works, Brooklyn the exhibition marks LeSeur’s first institutional solo presentation. Monument Eternal centers on a titular video inspired by Stone Mountain in Georgia—a public park distinguished by a three-acre-wide carving that depicts Confederate leaders on horseback, begun in 1923 and completed in 1972. In spite of this, it remains the state’s most popular attraction, frequented by local residents and tourists alike for its recreational offerings. LeSeur spent the majority of her adolescence in Atlanta and recalls many family gatherings at Stone Mountain. She began researching the site’s history after revisiting it as an adult in 2017. Two years later, she started to consider its corporeal impact, which eventually gave way to this series. A poetic translation of the body in collapse, the video stitches together slow-motion captures of the artist falling, unabated and repeatedly, on the mountain’s peak. The work borrows its title from an abridged autobiography written by Alice Coltrane, in which the avant-garde composer recounts her journey through physical and mental tests continuously self-imposed in the pursuit of spiritual transcendence. Similarly, LeSeur pushes her body to extreme physical limits within her own performance practice as a way of confronting, and subsequently transcending, both historical legacies of Blackness as well as her own personal identity as a queer Black person. This process of perseverance and self-discovery is captured within the spoken word poetry written and narrated by LeSeur, which provides the basis for the film’s score. In the artist’s own words: “My work aims for a more intentional and sensitive connection to, participation with, and activation of, sites of violence, sparking continuous dialogue around the impact these sites have had on Black communities. This work is communal, historical, social, political, and environmental. It is, for me, health care. At the core of this project, I introduce new forms of healing and reconciliation within the midst of trauma and violence, through repeated gestures and the transformation of sound into a physical presence. My practice continuously considers ways in which art can transform violence into something beyond. Monument Eternal transforms memories of violence, remnants of violence, and even physical embodiments of violence into transcendences.” Accompanying this video will be other works created through remembrance of LeSeur’s recent encounters with Stone Mountain, including a painting completed during her 2023 residency at Pioneer Works. While visiting the monument, the artist observed her bodily reactions—for instance, a nervous flick of her hand—and took note of the way that she breathed as she walked around the site. These movements are translated into mark-marking gestures on paintings and drawings, as well as a rhythmic baseline for how she blew into glass during the creation of new sculptural works. In doing so, natural responses, otherwise imperceptible to others, become tangible records that surpass the limits of time and place. While visiting Pittsburgh in preparation for her exhibition at Wood Street Galleries, LeSeur became intrigued by the missing archives of the Pittsburgh Courier (1913–1922), the city’s oldest Black newspaper. Rather than searching for their location, she reflects on the impact of such a loss—a profound cultural erasure within a prominent Black community, a gap she argues is deeply debilitating. In response to this exploration and reflection, LeSeur created a new work titled Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist , referencing both Henry Miller’s Black Spring (1936) and the Algerian Black Spring of 2001. The resulting multi-channel video and sound work combines original and sourced 8mm film and video. Centering on a rare recording of Phyllis Hyman performing “Gonna Make Changes” at the Kennedy Center, the piece confronts viewers with a larger question: Can mere survival counteract erasure, or does it merely deplete us? The installation of Black Spring \ The Moment is Mist will premier at Wood Street Galleries on February 1st as an addendum to Monument Eternal . About the Artist Le’Andra LeSeur (b. 1989 in Bronx, NY) is a multidisciplinary artist whose work encompasses a range of media including video, installation, photography, painting, and performance. Her body of work, a celebration of Blackness, queerness, and femininity, seeks to dismantle systems of power and achieve transcendence and liberation through perseverance. Through the insertion of her body and voice into her work, LeSeur provides her audience with an opportunity to contemplate themes such as identity, family, Black grief and joy, the experience of invisibility, and what it means to take up space as a queer Black woman—a rejection of the stereotypes which attempt to push these identities to the margins. The artist has received several notable awards including the Tulsa Artist Fellowship (2024), Leslie-Lohman Museum Artists Fellowship (2019), the Time-Based Medium Prize as well as the Juried Grand Prize at Artprize 10 (2018). LeSeur has appeared in conversation with Marilyn Minter at the Brooklyn Museum, presented by the Tory Burch Foundation, and has lectured at The New School, NY, NY and the University of the Arts, Philadelphia, PA, among others. Her work has been shown in solo and group exhibitions at MFA Boston, Boston, MA; Swivel Gallery, NY, NY; The Shed, New York, NY; Marlborough, New York, NY; Atlanta Contemporary, Atlanta, GA; A.I.R. Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Assembly Room, New York, NY; Microscope Gallery, Brooklyn, NY; Arnika Dawkins, Atlanta, GA; and others. Residencies include Pioneer Works, iLab at The University of the Arts, Visual Studies Workshop, ArcAthens, NARS Foundation, Marble House Project, and MASS MoCA. Monument eternal will be on view at Pioneer Works, New York from September 6 –December 16the prior to travelling to Wood Street Galleries at the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Le’Andra LeSeur: Monument Eternal is co-commissioned by Pioneer Works and the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and curated by Vivian Chui. The exhibition is made possible, in part, by the Tulsa Artist Fellowship and public funds from the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in Partnership with the City Council, as well as the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature. Regular Hours Wednesday - Sunday 11 am - 5 pm | Closed 1 - 1:30 pm Wood Street Galleries 601 Wood Street Pittsburgh PA 15222 Box office phone: 412-456-6666 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone  time: September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025  venue: 707 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Pittsburgh 707 Gallery September  6, 2024 - March  9, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Skip to get tickets Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone Fri, Sep  6 - Sun, Mar  9, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 707 Gallery Free For nearly four decades, Kim Bond (b. 1963, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) has explored the intersections of paranormal phenomena and the pursuit of a kinder, more inclusive world through her multidisciplinary practice encompassing drawings, paintings, sculptures, and writings. Bond's oeuvre is characterized by the integration of extraterrestrial imagery, including aliens, spacecraft, and Sasquatch, into natural environments such as the Colorado Mountains, Niagara Falls, Lake Erie, and Mt. St. Helena. These entities, with whom Bond professes communication, are depicted in tranquil landscapes, symbolizing hope and moral integrity. Another series depicts “The Rainbow Club,” Bond's vision for a utopian social venue that welcomes all beings, transcending barriers of gender, ability, age, and even species. In a fragmented society, Bond's work envisions a harmonious realm where diversity is not only accepted but celebrated. Bond initially honed her artistic skills and developed her unique aesthetic language through exposure to The Joy of Painting, a groundbreaking instructional television program created by Bob Ross that aired from 1983 to 1994 on PBS. The Joy of Painting democratized access to arts education, including individuals with disabilities. Airing on public television, the show allowed people to learn how to paint from their homes, eliminating both cost barriers and the need for physical attendance in classes. Ross’ simple, encouraging instruction and adaptive tools and techniques made painting approachable for everyone, regardless of skill level or physical ability. The flexible viewing format and his philosophy of “no mistakes, only happy accidents” further promoted creativity and individual expression, breaking down barriers and highlighting the inclusive power of art. Since 2018, Bond has been a resident artist at VaultArt Studio, a progressive arts organization that supports and promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art by providing professional-level arts instruction in a supportive studio environment. Bond’s affiliation with VaultArt Studio has allowed her to further develop and professionalize her artistic practice, engage with a diverse community of artists, and continue to advocate for inclusivity through her work. Her contributions to the studio and the broader community exemplify her commitment to creating a world where differences are embraced and celebrated. Kim Bond: We Are Not Alone is curated by Steph Neary & Anastasia James and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. This exhibition is part of a series of exhibitions in collaboration with VaultArt Studio that promotes the inclusion of artists with disabilities in contemporary art. Image: Kim Bond, Rainbow Sasquatch, 2024, acrylic on paper. Courtesy the artist and VaultArt Studios. Accessibility: For personal assistance selecting accessible seats or for more information about accessibility for a person with a disability, please contact Customer Service at 412-456-6666 . 707 Gallery 707 Penn Avenue Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025  time: May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery May 16, 2025 - August  3, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Skip to get tickets Juried Visual Art Exhibition 2025 Fri, May 16 - Sun, Aug  3, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Celebrated as one of the region’s longest-running, juried exhibitions, the 2025 edition of the Dollar Bank Three Rivers Arts Festival’s annual Juried Visual Art Exhibition celebrates the rich history, vibrant culture, and scenic beauty of the Pittsburgh region. This open call invites artists within a 150-mile radius of downtown Pittsburgh to submit works that reflect the spirit, resilience, and diversity of this area—whether through landscapes, portraits, urban scenes, or abstract interpretations. From the lush riverbanks and iconic bridges to the industrial past and dynamic communities, this exhibition will showcase the essence of Pittsburgh and its surroundings as seen through the eyes of local artists. Each year, the exhibition highlights the exceptional talent and perspectives of artists in our region. Esteemed jurors select a range of works from hundreds of submissions, with five individual prizes awarded: 1 Best in Show (selected by all jurors) $2500 cash prize 3 Juror’s Pick $1000 cash prize 1 People’s Choice $1000 cash prize Submissions Accepted: December 16th, 2024 - February 27th, 2025 Photos 2025 Jurors Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Jessica Gaynelle Moss Independent Curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss (b. 1987 in Anaheim, CA) is an artist who supports other artists through her curatorial work, consultancy and custodianship. Jessica received a bachelors in Fine Art from Carnegie Mellon University in 2009; a masters in Arts Administration, Policy and Management from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2015; and she graduated from the University of Pittsburgh School of Law in 2018. Jessica has collaborated with notable artists, contributing to social practice, public art and community engaged projects like Mel Chin's Fundred Dollar Bill Project, Theaster Gates' Rebuild Foundation, and Alisha B Wormsley's Sibyls Shrine, where she currently serves as the collective's managing director and curator. Her work and projects have been featured in Architectural Digest, The Root, Black Art in America, and Bloomberg News. Jessica has been acclaimed as a 'Leading Voice in Public Art,' honored as a 'Woman of Achievement,' and recognized among 'Women to Watch.' She has been awarded the prestigious 40 Under 40 award in multiple US cities, recognizing her dedication towards advancing equity within the arts beyond borders. Her impactful works and contributions have been acknowledged with grant awards and honors from distinguished funders including The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, The Black Art Futures Fund and The Ford Foundation. Close This Modal Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Helen Trompeteler Deputy Director and Director of Programs, Silver Eye Center for Photography Helen Trompeteler is a curator and writer deeply committed to supporting underrepresented visual artists. As Deputy Director and Director of Programs at Silver Eye Center for Photography, she brings over twenty years of curatorial expertise following roles at the Royal Collection Trust (UK), the National Portrait Gallery (UK), and as an independent curator. A passionate advocate for artists and audiences, her writing has been published worldwide. Close This Modal Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art This modal contains biographic information about Manfred Honeck Akemi May Assistant Curator of Works on Paper, Carnegie Museum of Art Akemi May is the Associate Curator of Works on Paper at Carnegie Museum of Art where she is responsible for the care of the museum’s collection of over 11,600 drawings, watercolors, prints, and collages. Since joining the museum in 2009, May has collaborated on major collection reinstallations and organized numerous exhibitions including, Japan is the Key: Collecting Prints and Ivories, 1900-1920, Hiroshige's Tōkaidō Road, Monet and the Modern City, and A Delight for the Senses, The Still Life. Her most recent exhibition, Imprinting in Their Time: Japanese Printmakers, 1912-2022 drew from the museum’s extensive collection of modern and contemporary Japanese prints and featured special loans from local collectors. May is interested in the history of collecting and the life stories of objects. She was a contributor to Art Tracks , a pioneering data visualization initiative for provenance research and oversaw the publication of the museum’s recent Collection Handbook . Published in honor of the 125th anniversary of Carnegie Museum of Art, the handbook documents the transformation of the collection through personal reflections by the current and former staff who helped shape it. May received her BA in Psychology and the History of Art and Architecture from the University of California, Santa Barbara and her MA in the History of Art and Architecture from Syracuse University. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Sensory Friendly Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition  time: August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery August 29, 2025 - January 25, 2026 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Skip to get tickets Celebrating 45 Years of CAPA: Alumni and Faculty Exhibition Fri, Aug 29 - Sun, Jan 25, 2026 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts Apply Now In honor of the 45th anniversary of Pittsburgh’s Creative and Performing Arts (CAPA) school, the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is thrilled to present an exhibition that celebrates the incredible talents of CAPA alumni and faculty. Known for fostering creativity, innovation, and excellence, CAPA has shaped the artistic landscape of Pittsburgh for nearly half a century, inspiring countless young artists to pursue their passions and refine their crafts. This exhibition features a vibrant collection of works by CAPA alumni and faculty, celebrating the breadth and depth of artistic talent that has emerged from this renowned institution. Guest curators Miller Schulman and Shannon Pultz—all alumni—will carefully select pieces that showcase the unique creative perspectives fostered within CAPA’s rich artistic community. Alumni and faculty are invited to submit their work through the submission portal January 6 - May 1, 2025. The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust is honored to partner with CAPA for this milestone exhibition, celebrating a legacy of artistic achievement and dedication that continues to enrich the cultural fabric of our city. Join us for this special exhibition as we look back on 45 years of creative excellence and look ahead to CAPA’s future impact on the arts in Pittsburgh. Photos 2025 Jurors Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair This modal contains biographic information about Shannon Pultz Shannon Pultz Visual Art Department Chair Shannon Pultz (b. 1971) lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. She earned her BFA from The Cooper Union for the Advancement of Art and Science, her master’s in education from Carlow University, and a post-master's degree from Point Park University in K-12 Principalship. She is a founding member of the acclaimed art collective ART CLUB 2000 , formed in 1992 in collaboration with Colin de Land and American Fine Arts, Co. (NYC), and a former editor and critic for Flash Art International in Milan, Italy. She currently chairs the Visual Art Department at Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12, is an active member of ART CLUB 2000 , and consults on arts education, exhibitions, and interdisciplinary projects. She graduated from Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and Performing Arts in 1989. Recent solo exhibitions include ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Kunsthalle Zurich (2022) and at the Flashlight Factory in Pittsburgh, PA (2022); and ART CLUB 2000: Selected Works 1992–1999 at Artists Space, NYC (2020). Group exhibitions include E IL TOPO: History of an Artists’ Magazine at Madre Museum, Naples, Italy (2023); Alex Bag, Art Club 2000, Daniela Rossell & Larry Johnson at Gaga, Los Angeles (2022); The Conditions of Being Art: Pat Hearn Gallery and American Fine Arts, Co. (1983-2004) at the Hessel Museum of Art (2018); and NYC 1993: Experimental Jet Set, Trash and No Star at the New Museum, NYC (2013). Close This Modal Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher This modal contains biographic information about Miller Schulman Miller Schulman Writer, Curator, Researcher Miller Schulman is a writer, curator, and researcher, and is currently a PhD student at the CUNY Graduate Center in New York. His academic and curatorial interests include modern and contemporary art, architecture, sexuality, and gender. He holds a Master of Philosophy in the history of art and architecture from the University of Cambridge, and a bachelor’s degree in history from Tufts University. He graduated from Pittsburgh CAPA 6-12 in 2013. Close This Modal Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition  time: February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025  venue: SPACE Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Pittsburgh SPACE Gallery February 15, 2025 - April 27, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Skip to get tickets The End That Never Was: Carnegie Mellon University 1st and 2nd Year MFA Exhibition Sat, Feb 15 - Sun, Apr 27, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust SPACE Gallery Ticket Prices Free Free Visual Arts The Pittsburgh Cultural Trust and Carnegie Mellon University are pleased to present an exhibition featuring the work of first- and second-year MFA students from Carnegie Mellon's School of Art. This exhibition highlights a dynamic range of contemporary art practices from emerging artists experimenting across media, concepts, and themes. This exhibition offers a unique opportunity to engage with the next generation of influential artists as they expand their creative practices within Pittsburgh's vibrant cultural landscape. Following obsessions and trains of thought, The End That Never Was brings together eight artists from Carnegie Mellon University’s Master of Fine Arts program. This collection of new works addresses contemporary notions of memory, orientation, and play. Informed by their varied studio practices which utilize film, sound, virtual space, and tactile media, this exhibition parses iterative and generative attempts at answering sometimes unanswerable questions. Broadly, the works explore fan culture, language acquisition, memory, affect, disembodiment, as well as the occupation of the peripheral. Artists: Naomi Chambers (MFA ‘26) Anne Chen (MFA ‘27) Aleena Akbar Khan (MFA ‘27) Logan Larsen (MFA ‘27) Bulumko Mbete (MFA ‘26) Afrooz Partovi (MFA ‘26) Ashley A. Ross (MFA ‘27) Morgan Thomas Shankweiler (MFA ‘27) The End That Never Was is presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust in collaboration with Carnegie Mellon University. Special thanks to MFA Director Katherine Hubbard, Assistant Director Wendy Willis, Head of the School of Art Charlie White, and the College of Fine Arts at Carnegie Mellon University. Additional thanks to the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust team: Davine Byon, George Dun, Kennedy Deen, Jacquet Kehm, Josh Rievel, and Chris Korch. Photo: Courtesy the artists and Carnegie Mellon University School of Art. Wednesday - Sunday: 11am - 5pm | Closed 1 - 1:30pm Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. SPACE Gallery 812 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
title: Melike Konur: Women I've Been  time: March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025  venue: 820 Gallery  organization: Presented By: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust  detail: Melike Konur: Women I've Been Pittsburgh 820 Gallery March  9, 2025 - July 20, 2025 Skip to main content Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Go to the home page Click here to go back to the home page Menu Search Cart Tickets & Events Visual Arts Educate Engage Rent a Space Support Visit About Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Calendar Logout Login Promo Code Cart Search Pittsburgh Cultural Trust Search Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Melike Konur: Women I've Been Skip to get tickets Melike Konur: Women I've Been Sun, Mar  9 - Sun, Jul 20, 2025 Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 820 Gallery Ticket Prices Free Visual Arts Join us for an opening reception on Sunday, March 9 from 1-4pm. “Women I've Been", a solo exhibition by artist Melike Konur curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss, explores the unique intersections that have shaped Konur's identity, as she unveils her myriad roles - woman, mother, singer, dancer, and ritual maker - in this immersive showcase. The gallery at 820 Liberty Avenue has been transformed into a sacred ceremonial realm, adorned with an ancestral shrine featuring a soundscape, luxurious fabrics and vessels brimming with water. A poetic metaphor for the cyclical, ever-evolving nature of womanhood, this sculptural centerpiece symbolizes the fluid, interconnected nature of women's lives, each vessel pouring into the next in an endless flow. "Women I've Been" becomes a mirror for the exploration of identity. Konur's multi-faceted personas collide and converge, challenging viewers to recognize their own processes of becoming. This exhibition asserts that true power resides in compassion, nurturing, and connection - all integral to the radical act of self-actualization. Through this evocative presentation, the exhibition becomes a container for alchemy charged by honoring renewal and remembrance. Konur invites us to honor our ancestors while boldly birthing new representations of self. "Women I've Been" celebrates the fluidity and power of identity, reminding us that the practice of being is ongoing. Melike Konur: Women I’ve Been is guest curated by Jessica Gaynelle Moss and presented by the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust. Melike Konur recognizes that we are situated on the ancestral lands of the Osage Nation and the Shawnee people (Shawandasse Tula/Shawanwaki). This work is moved to honor their history as the original stewards of this land and acknowledge their continued presence, sovereignty, and contributions.This acknowledgement recognizes the traditions, histories, and experiences of erasure endured by these nations, whose knowledge has profoundly shaped the world we inhabit today. Speaking and hearing words of reverence is a vital step in fostering collaborative, accountable, and respectful relationships with Indigenous nations and communities—relationships grounded in continuity, mutual respect, and shared responsibility. Image: Melike Konur, Ethereal from Reflection | Nexus, 2025. Courtesy the artist. Accessibility: Large Print Wheelchair Seating Note: All services may not be available at all performances. Click the link above for accessible performance schedule or contact customer service for further assistance. Related Exhibition Opening Join us on Sun, Mar 9, 1-4pm to celebrate the exhibition’s opening at 820 Gallery with artist Melike Konur and guest curator Jessica Gaynelle Moss. The opening reception will feature music by DJ SMI. 820 Gallery 820 Liberty Ave Pittsburgh PA 15222 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Join our email newsletter Contact Us Events Seating Charts Theaters Parking & Directions Galleries Donate Volunteer Press Room About Us Blog Administrative Offices: Pittsburgh Cultural Trust 803 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222 Admin: 412-471-6070 Box Office: 412-456-6666 Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright 2025. All rights reserved.
