Carnegie Mellon University in Qatar (Arabic: جامعة كارنيجي ميلون في قطر) is a satellite campus of Carnegie Mellon University in Doha, Qatar. This campus is a member of the Qatar Foundation and started graduating students in May 2008. It enrolls around 400 students, has 60 faculty and postdoctoral researchers, and 90 staff members.

Carnegie Mellon University's campus in Qatar was established in 2004. It was the fourth U.S. higher education institution to establish a campus in Qatar. The establishment of the campuses was founded by Sheikha Moza bint Nasser, the mother of Qatar's current Emir Tamim bin Hamad al Thani.

Carnegie Mellon Qatar is part of Education City, a campus on the outskirts of Doha that currently houses eight other university campuses from the United States and Europe. Education City's other institutions include Georgetown University School of Foreign Service, Weill Cornell Medical College, Virginia Commonwealth University, Texas A&M, Northwestern University, HEC Paris, and University College London.

The Doha campus of Carnegie Mellon offers the same degree programs and curricula that students receive at the Pittsburgh campus. Undergraduate degrees are in Computer Science, Business Administration, Information Systems, and Biological Sciences (a degree offered in conjunction with Weill Cornell Medical College in Qatar).

The campus facilities and upkeep are financed by the Qatar Foundation. Carnegie Mellon also receives subsidies each year to run the campus and pay faculty.

It is estimated that Carnegie Mellon has received between $50 and $60 million per year from the nation of Qatar to operate the Doha campus. Tuition for the school was $49,610 in 2015.

As of December 2015, the campus had 62 faculty members.

Carnegie Mellon Qatar is housed in a building designed by architects Legorreta + Legorreta (currently known as LEGORRETA). The university began occupancy in August 2008. All academics, student affairs, operations, and events are held in the building.


